Born and raised in the Philippines, Lea Salonga grew up watching Disney movies and listening to Disney storybook tapes. Never did she imagine, though, that she would grow up to be a real-life, bona fide Disney Princess.

Then, after earning a Tony Award for her portrayal of Kim in the Broadway musical “Miss Saigon” in 1991, Salonga landed the career break of a lifetime: to be the singing voice of Princess Jasmine in the 1992 hit Disney film “Aladdin.”

Six years later, she got a second chance to live her young girl’s dream as she performed the vocals of Mulan in the 1998 Disney film of that name.

“I never thought when I was 5 and listening to ‘Cinderella’ stories that I’d be a Disney princess. I think it’s such a magical thing to happen in my life, and for it to happen twice is something I would never have thought could happen,” said Salonga in a recent phone interview.

Salonga’s distinctive voice will return to Southern California for concerts tonight at the Valley Performing Arts Center in Northridge and Saturday at Segerstrom Center for the Arts. Backed by a four-piece band, Salonga will perform a selection of well-known songs, including her greatest hits from her various musicals and films.

“We made sure to choose a fun program that the band is going to dig playing and I’m going to love singing,” said Salonga, “and because we are having so much fun onstage, I hope that translates to the audience as well.”

Salonga is keeping the program’s song selections a secret for now, until she and her musical director decide on the set list; however, she promises all of the tunes will be familiar and fit her vocal range. Some of the songs, she added, will be making their California debut.

“This will be the first time for California audiences to hear these songs, but there is nothing unknown or out of left field; stuff that always makes sense with my voice.”

A regular feature of Salonga’s solo concerts is an audience participation segment, in which she chooses someone to join her onstage to sing the Grammy and Academy Award-winning duet “A Whole New World” from “Aladdin.”

“No need to panic; we always have a lyric sheet so anyone who dares to come up doesn’t have to have it memorized fully,” she said. “I want them to have fun.”

Salonga has numerous Broadway credits, including her role as Eponine in the 1993 “Les Misérables” Broadway run and as Fantine in the 2006 Broadway revival. She recently came off Broadway in the new musical “Allegiance,” which also starred George Takei and Telly Leung.

Splitting her time between the U.S. and Manila, Salonga is a coach on the Philippine version of the television show “The Voice.” In addition to her onscreen and onstage career, she has released several solo albums, including “I’d Like to Teach the World to Sing” (1997) and “By Heart” (1999).

On this tour, Grammy-nominated bass player Trey Henry and drummer Ray Brinker, both from the jazz group Tierney Sutton Band, will back Salonga.

“I get to go up onstage with musicians who I really admire and respect, and just have a great time with,” Salonga said. “It’s thrilling when I get to perform stuff where I can just emotionally let go and fly off to another world in my mind, and the audience gets to ride on that too.”

Contact the writer: jmoe@ocregister.com
Ed Sheeran has come to a deal to end a $20 million copyright infringement lawsuit brought by two songwriters, Martin Harrington and Thomas Leonard, over his hit, “Photograph.”

On Friday, court papers were filed dismissing the case with prejudice, but also stipulating that a California federal court would retain jurisdiction to enforce the terms of an agreement.

Although the parties including co-defendants Sony/ATV and Warner Music didn’t disclose the nature of the settlement terms in a court filing, songwriting credits in the BMI database now have added Harrington and Leonard as co-authors along with Sheeran and Johnny McDaid. What’s more, it appears that the two plaintiffs have gained a significant share of royalties. Before the lawsuit, 100 percent of the work was controlled by BMI, which administers the public performance of McDaid’s works, but now that percentage has dropped to 82.5 percent as Leonard has an ASCAP affiliation.

Harrington and Leonard, along with their publishing company HaloSongs, filed the lawsuit in June 2016, alleging that “Photograph” derived from their 2009 work “Amazing,” which was recorded and released as a single by Matt Cardle, the winner of the 2010 season of the television competition show The X Factor. They were represented in court by Richard Busch, the attorney who prevailed at trial on behalf of the Marvin Gaye family in the copyright lawsuit over “Blurred Lines.”

The complaint, which charged “verbatim, note-for-note copying,” and included sheet music to prove it, was initially challenged on pleading standards and jurisdiction, but in January a judge let it move forward.

The defendants were represented by Michael Niborski and Ilene Farkas at Pryor Cashman.

This story has been updated to reflect new information from BMI’s database.
Ashlee Simpson revealed that her father, Joe Simpson, is on the mend after battling prostate cancer.

Related: Celebrity Health Scares Trista Sutter, Selena Gomez, Ellen DeGeneres and more stars have opened up about their unexpected illnesses and injuries — read more

“It’s such a blessing,” the “Pieces of Me” singer, 33, told E! News of her dad’s recovery in a new interview published on Saturday, September 1. “He’s doing good now and feeling good. I’m so happy he’s healthy now.”

Us Weekly reported in November 2016 that Joe was diagnosed with prostate cancer earlier that year. He underwent surgery in September 2016.

Related: 2000s Pop Stars, Then and Now From Hilary Duff to Rihanna, our favorite 2000s pop stars have changed so much over the years — click through to see where they are now

A source revealed to Us in February 2017 that the fashion photographer was beginning treatment for his condition. “Joe just started radiation. He feels fine, he’s getting through it and still working. It’s all scheduled once a week. He’s super optimistic,” the insider said at the time. “Doctors are hopeful that this will take care of it and be the last step, and he will hopefully then be in remission and cancer-free. Joe just says he feels like it’s like going to get a checkup.”

Related: Stars Who Got Their Start on Reality TV The road to success in Hollywood is a little different for every would-be actor, but these days, reality TV is becoming a major launching pad for some of the industry's biggest stars. Before they were red-carpet regulars, NeNe Leakes, Jennifer Hudson, Julianne Hough and Lucy Hale were among those who broke through as reality stars

Ashlee’s husband, Evan Ross, also spoke to E! about the family’s trying time. “It was a really scary experience for Ashlee, for their whole family,” the Hunger Games: Mockingjay actor, 30, said. “So for me I was just trying to make sure I was there and paying attention to how everyone was feeling.” (The couple share daughter Jagger, 3, while the “Boyfriend” singer is also mom to 9-year-old son Bronx with ex-husband Pete Wentz.)

Now that her father is doing better, Ashlee can focus on the future, which includes making music with her husband … and their children. Ross told Us in August that he and his wife “want to take the kids on the tour.” She added: “Make it a family thing.”
Scott still has a thing for Kourtney (Picture: WireImage)

Scott Disick has admitted that he still has the hump for Kourtney Kardashian.

Scott split from the eldest of the Kardashian brood in 2015 after nine years together, following his constant partying and binge drinking lifestyle.

And although the pair have actively remained in each other’s lives and seem on very amicable terms, it appears that the 33-year-old is still very much into the reality star.

In an upcoming episode of Keeping Up The With The Kardashians, Kourtney’s sister Khloe grills him about whether or not they kissed during a family vacation in Mexico last year, before proceeding to inquire about his sausage.

Scott jokingly revealed that Kourtney ‘didn’t kiss me back when we were together,’ but the ever consistent Khloe continued to probe and asked: ‘Did your sausage like move in your pants a little because it got excited?’

Seriously, Khloe?

Scott responded candidly: ‘I’m still turned on by her, if that’s what you’re asking.’

The father-of-three then admitted that he was still very much in love with his ex and mother of his children despite there being no immediate prospect of them getting back together.

He said: ‘I feel like I will never be over her. She’s the love of my life, but I just try to do everything to be there for her, but there’s literally no appreciation for anything ever.’

However, Scott owned up to the breakdown of the long term relationship and was adamant that the 37-year-old was not aware about how much she means to him.

‘I just hope that one day she understands that I would never want to be with anybody but her.’

Scott and Kourtney are parents to 7-year-old Mason, Penelope, 4 and 2-year-old Reign.

MORE : Watch Kylie Jenner ‘rap’ along to Tyga’s new track despite claims that the couple split

MORE : Madonna threw shade at Pepsi after Kendall Jenner fiasco in the slickest way ever
Alec Baldwin is one of the most recognizable and now, with his Donald Trump impersonation, one of the most beloved actors in America. He originated the role of Jack Ryan in The Hunt for Red October (1990) and had an iconic seven-year run as Jack Donaghy on the sitcom 30 Rock. He’s hosted Saturday Night Live more times than anyone else (17) and has been a tabloid target for his acrimonious divorce from Kim Basinger and angry outbursts at his own daughter and at the paparazzi following him around.

Now in Nevertheless (Harper, available today), Baldwin, 59, tells his story for the first time, from his Long Island childhood to his early stardom (and trouble with drugs) to his current renaissance. From the revelations about his drug use to the actors and directors he hates (Harrison Ford, Oliver Stone) and loves (Tina Fey, of course), here are the 10 most interesting things to learn in the book:

1. He’s a lot more like Donald Trump than he lets on.

Not in their politics, of course; Baldwin is as much an old-school liberal Democrat as you’ll find. And not in their humanity, either. For all his faults — and they are many — Baldwin is ultimately a much kinder, decent, more humane person than Trump, if for no other reason than the actor is pretty self-aware about his flaws and genuinely contrite for some of his worst behavior (like that infamous 2007 screaming voicemail left for daughter Ireland). But in other ways, ways that I suspect helps Baldwin play Trump, they are similar. Both are men of great appetites (figuratively speaking). The people they love, they really love. The people they hate, they really hate. Both are easy to anger. Both hold grudges for a long time (see below about Ford and ex-wife Basinger as evidence). Both have daddy issues, trying to live up to what they imagine are the expectations of their larger-than-life fathers (Fred Trump the developer, Alex Baldwin, Jr. the beloved history teacher). And both are homebodies deeply shaped by their New York youth (Queens for Trump, Long Island for Baldwin).

2. He almost killed himself with drugs and booze in the 1980s.

In the first blush of fame in the early ‘80s, Baldwin became addicted to cocaine and booze and almost died of an overdose while shooting a Knots Landing episode in Oregon, ending up in the hospital for 36 hours. His first crack at AA didn’t stick and he relapsed at the end of 1984. The second try stuck and Baldwin has been sober since Feb. 23, 1985.

3. He’s still angry at Kim Basinger, but sorry about that voicemail.

Baldwin’s 1993 marriage to the actress devolved into an acrimonious divorce in 2002 and a continuing custody battle over daughter Ireland. He’s still bitter about it and her role in 2007 in leaking the infamous angry voicemail where he called Ireland a pig, among other things. But he’s contrite about the voicemail itself. He writes that his relationship with Ireland has healed, but the incident “permanently harmed” their bond.

4. He doesn’t like Harrison Ford.

One of Baldwin’s breakout movie roles was as Jack Ryan in Hunt for Red October, but when it came time to negotiate a deal for the sequel, he learned the studio was talking to Ford to replace him behind his back. Hunt for Red October director John McTiernan asked Ford if backstabbing Baldwin bothered him. Ford’s reply? “F— him.” Baldwin writes, “He was playing a different game. In the need of the next franchise to keep the flame of his stardom burning bright while earning him tens of millions more, what choice did he have? The carpenter who walked onto a set [Star Wars] and then into movie history knew that these roles were his legacy.”

5. …or Oliver Stone.

Baldwin made Talk Radio with the director and does not mince words about how much he disliked the 1988 experience: “Stone’s ‘technique’ was to generate as much tension on the set as he believed the film required. With sarcastic asides and a passive-aggressive tone throughout, Stone drove the cast and crew to drink a lot.”

6. …or even his own work.

Despite a career that has lasted over 30 years and includes over 120 credits, Baldwin doesn’t think much of his own work. He writes that “the final ten minutes of The Edge are the only piece of my own film work I can ever watch and enjoy.” State and Main “is one of the few of my own movies that I can stand watching.” 30 Rock, though, made an impression on him, more than his graduating from high school or college. “When 30 Rock ended, all of the feelings one associates with the end of something seminal — feelings that I had missed or squandered earlier, that comes from truly investing in an experience — finally came out. That was my graduation.”

7. But he has high praise for other co-stars and actors.

He fell in love with Michelle Pfeiffer — like everyone else who met her then — during the making of Married to the Mob. Ben Affleck is a “prince.” Miami Blues co-star Jennifer Jason Leigh is a great actor. Matt Damon has “warmth and humanity.” He loved his one day on the set Notting Hill because, “I got to breathe the same air as the remarkable Julia Roberts.”

8. His love of Tina Fey rules all (but he didn’t think much of her husband at first).

“When I first met Tina Fey — beautiful and brunette, smart and funny, by turns smug and diffident and completely uninterested in me or anything I had to say — I had the same reaction that I’m sure many men and women have: I fell in love.” And then Saturday Night Live’s talent coordinator Marci Klein introduced him to Fey’s “travel size” husband Jeff Richmond, leading Baldwin to think: “What’s she doing with him?”

8. Anthony Hopkins does a mean Richard Burton impersonation.

On the set of 1997’s The Edge, the two actors amused themselves with dueling impersonations of the legendary actor (and Elizabeth Taylor spouse). “The goal was to not only impersonate Burton but to distill the self-destructive genius down to his essence.” Hopkins killed it: “Tony won the game for all time with his almost haiku-like incantation: ‘Elizabeth! Baubles and stones. White wine. Marbella.’ Then he feigned passing out.”

9. His wife Hilaria nails him for his narcissism and has maybe the best line in the book.

“When I’m not with you, I still exist.”

10. Is he running for office?

Baldwin has long denied that he’d run for office, squashing speculation about runs for mayor of New York City, governor, senator or even president. And he repeats it in the book, but one chapter reads like a campaign manifesto where he criticizes voter suppression and Middle East policy, explores why Hillary Clinton lost and offers some thoughts on what a president should do.
Friendly night out. Scarlett Johansson stepped out with her estranged husband, Romain Dauriac, on Wednesday, April 5, weeks after filing for divorce.

Related: Scarlett Johansson’s Hottest Moments Did you think Scarlett Johansson would be any less hot because she became a mom? Think again! The blonde bombshell, who welcomed daughter Rose Dorothy with French journalist Romain Dauriac in September 2014, is still oozing sex appeal one red carpet at a time. From that unforgettable velvet mini dress she sported in 2003 to her collection of tantalizing magazine covers, see the star's hottest moments.

The Avengers: Infinity War actress, 32, and Dauriac attended the “Singular Object” opening cocktail reception at 53W53 Gallery in NYC. They posed for photos together, with Johansson noticeably not wearing her wedding ring.

The pair first went public with their relationship in November 2012 and are the parents of daughter Rose, 2. Us Weekly confirmed in January that Johansson and the French journalist were ending their two-year marriage. She filed for divorce on March 8.

Related: Celebrity Splits of 2016 From Drew Barrymore and Will Kopelman to Khloe Kardashian and James Harden, take a look back at the biggest celebrity splits of 2016 — see the pics

“As a devoted mother and private person and with complete awareness that my daughter will one day be old enough to read the news about herself, I would only like to say that I will never, ever be commenting on the dissolution of my marriage,” Johansson told Us in a statement at the time. “Out of respect for my desires as a parent and out of respect for all working moms, it is with kindness that I ask other parties involved and the media to do the same. Thank you.”

Dauriac’s attorney, Harold Mayerson, told Page Six that both parties would be fighting over custody of their daughter. “He would like to move to France with his daughter, and Ms. Johansson does a lot of traveling,” Mayerson said. “It will be an interesting process.”

Related: Celebrity Exes Reunited See Reese Witherspoon and Ryan Phillippe, Britney Spears and Kevin Federline and more former spouses get together for the sake of their children

Dauriac also issued a statement to Us via Mayerson. “It is indeed unfortunate, especially for our daughter, that Scarlett filed in court and made our personal differences so public,” the statement read. “I would implore her to withdraw her action promptly and to go back, as uncomfortable as it might be, to the negotiating table. We are the parents of a lovely daughter whom we will continue to coparent for many years and share her joys and sorrows as only a parent can.”
It’s been one week since Nikki Bella finally got engaged to her longtime boyfriend John Cena — and she still can’t stop gushing over her gorgeous engagement ring!

The Total Divas star dished about the romantic meaning behind her new ring, which she was presented with during Wrestlemania — and the message is so touching!

“It represents every year we’ve been together and what we’ve been through,” the 33-year-old explained to E! News. “And then we meet in the middle at four-and-a-half years and we become one.”

MORE: Pregnant Brie Bella Shows off Her Baby Bump in New Instagram Pic

John, 39, had it custom-made by a designer at the famed luxury jeweler Tiffany & Co. and the stunning ring features a four-and-a-half carat diamond, which symbolizes the four-and-a-half years that they’ve been together. The band also features eight smaller diamonds set in a channel, In Touch previously revealed. John told Nikki that four diamonds on one side of the band represents him and the other side of the band — which also features four diamonds — represents Nikki.

The WWE power couple got engaged after nearly five years of dating — even though their engagement and upcoming nuptials seemed like it would never happen. Their relationship has been placed front and center on their E! Reality TV series Total Divas and their spinoff, Total Bellas. Throughout all the seasons, John seemed adamant that he never wanted to get married again after his 2012 divorce from high school sweetheart Elizabeth Huberdeau.

MORE: Nikki Bella Gushes Over Brie Bella's Growing Baby Bump on Instagram

But Nikki and John stopped by the Today show after their engagement and he explained why he changed his mind about wanting to get married again.

“I found the absolute right person,” he gushed. “I found a strong person I consider an inspiration, an equal, somebody who when I’m feeling down, picks me up — and somebody who, when she’s down, I can pick her up. It took a person that strong to change my view on life.”

Scroll through the gallery below to see more photos of Nikki's engagement ring!
Home > Photos > Amber Portwood PHOTOS 'It's Stupid!' 'Teen Mom OG' Stars Aren't Happy With Farrah Abraham's Replacement Source: MTV

Farrah Abraham's Teen Mom OG replacement has been announced and the other ladies are NOT thrilled about MTV's decision to bring a new girl on the reality series.

Article continues below advertisement

Source: MTV

As it was previously reported, Are You The One? star Cheyenne Floyd is allegedly replacing Farrah on Teen Mom OG.

Source: MTV

“Amber Portwood is pissed off about the new cast member,” a source close to Amber told RadarOnline.com. “They’ve been doing Teen Mom for ten years and don’t think they like the idea of someone who is a total newbie and has never even been on the show before coming on permanently.”

Article continues below advertisement

Source: MTV

Catelynn Lowell and her husband Tyler Baltierra are not happy either! A second source told the site, “They all just think it’s stupid that they’re bringing people from outside the franchise instead of bringing the OG’s and the Teen Mom 2 cast together. Maci Bookout loves Chelsea Houska, Kailyn Lowry and Amber get along, it just makes more sense.”

Source: MTV

The insider added how Tyler is “fed up with all the drama the show has brought them.” Adding, “He just doesn’t think the show is going to last very much longer unless the new cast member brings in amazing ratings, but they aren’t really holding their breath." Catelynn "feels like the show has absolutely nothing to do with the kids anymore so they’re just waiting for MTV to pull the plug.”

Article continues below advertisement

Source: MTV

As fans watched, Farrah was fired from the show for her involvement in the adult entertainment video industry, as well as her attitude towards the crew. “No reaction,” she told Radar about how she feels about her replacement. “I don’t watch the show anymore as I’ve moved on. The show was done when I left.”

Source: MTV

Despite most cast members not being happy with the new member, one person has a different opinion! “Cory Wharton is my guy so I’m glad he’s on board,” Javi Marroquin said to the site. “Good decision for his family.”

Article continues below advertisement

Source: MTV

As previously reported, Cheyenne has a one-year-old daughter, Ryder.

Source: MTV

She shares her daughter with The Challenge star Cory. The two have been co-parenting their daughter together and are not romantically linked. The Ashley's Reality Roundup was the first to report the news.

Source: MTV

What do you think about Farrah's replacement? Let us know your thoughts!
Definitely not dating! Ryan Phillippe wants everyone to know he is not in a relationship with Katy Perry.

Despite reports the pair had been “totally flirting” at Elton John’s 70th-birthday party in March, the actor firmly denied it with a frustrated message on Sunday, April 9.

Related: Unlikely Celebrity Couples They dated?! From Tom Cruise and Cher to Taylor Kinney and Lady Gaga, some celebrity couples don't always make sense to the untrained eye. Check out these unexpected celebrity romances.

“I AM NOT DATING KATY PERRY,” he wrote in block capitals on Twitter. “BARELY KNOW HER. PLEASE STOP FLYING HELICOPTERS OVER MY HOUSE. SHE IS NOT HERE. thx.”

Related: On Again, Off Again Celebrity Couples Some couples just need a break every now and then! Click through to see which of your favorites couples -- like Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake -- couldn't help splitting and rekindling year after year.

I AM NOT DATING KATY PERRY. BARELY KNOW HER. PLEASE STOP FLYING HELICOPTERS OVER MY HOUSE. SHE IS NOT HERE. thx — dr. philz (@RyanPhillippe) April 10, 2017

At the time of their rumored flirtation last month, Perry, 32, had just broken up with Orlando Bloom, 41, following a year of dating. Phillippe, 42, had been single for several months since splitting from his fiancée, Paulina Slagter.

When a fan commented on his post saying they’d like to be linked to the “Roar” singer, Phillippe wrote: “don’t mind ‘people’ thinking that. don’t want low flying pervs hovering periodically.”

Phillippe co-parents 17-year-old Ava and 13-year-old Deacon with his ex-wife, Reese Witherspoon.

He recently revealed that his youthful looks leave him open to being mistaken for his teenage daughter’s brother.

Related: And the Best Dressed Couples on the Red Carpet Are … From George and Amal Clooney to Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie, Us Weekly rounded up the best dressed celebrity couples on the red carpet. Scroll through and try not to swoon!

Phillippe told The Late Late Show host James Corden that Ava cringes when people think they’re siblings.

“One thing my daughter gets embarrassed sometimes by is the fact that I do look so young and I get mistaken for her brother at times, which repulses her,” he said. “It absolutely repulses her that anyone could mistake me for being her brother.”
Kathryn C. Dennis knows how tough a reunion taping can be. And the Southern Charm mom was certainly feeling the pressure of having to relive every moment viewers watched of her life during last season's sit-down. So when it came time to film the Season 4 reunion, she went into the event with a very different mind frame.

How to Watch Watch Southern Charm on Bravo Thursdays at 8/7c and next day on Peacock. Catch up on the Bravo App.

"I’m hoping to express a little less than I did last year, but you know. I don’t know; I’m just hoping that people can see that through out all of this you can’t make me tick. That is what people push me to do," she explained to The Daily Dish. "They’re waiting on me to stress out enough to where I crack or something. And I want to show them that they can’t do that anymore."

Related

Part 1 of the Season 4 reunion put Kathryn in the hot seat, with the Charleston native having to open up about why she went to rehab as well as her life as a mom (she has two kids with ex, Thomas Ravenel) and her former friendship with Jennifer Snowden. And she knew that when it came to having to face the tough questions and issues, she wanted to deal with it in a different way than she's done in the past. "So, they’re probably expecting — or not knowing what to expect when they see me, but that’s a good thing 'cause I’m gonna surprise them I think," she said.

As for last year's outfit, well, Kathryn doesn't look to fondly on that. "Fashion, what is it? Flop. Ugh, it was bad, but I mean it was cute but all in a different outfit," she reflected. "Like the top with something else, the bottom with something else. I don’t know. But this year I love my dress. It’s like badass basically is what I’m trying to get at."

Kathryn at the Season 4 reunion vs. Kathryn at the Season 3 reunion.

Check out Part 2 of the reunion next Monday at 8/7c. Preview, below.
Charlize Theron has opened up about her two children, and how they have helped with her OCD. The Mad Max: Fury Road star is a single mum to six-year-old son Jackson and baby daughter August, and spoke about them while on The Ellen Show. "My kids are for more glitter," she joked. "There is way too much of it in the house... I have a little OCD thing and I'm like, 'Where is this glitter coming from?' and it's those princess dresses!"

READ: Charlize Theron hosts baby shower for heavily pregnant Emily Blunt

She added that the pair help her with her OCD, explaining: "I work on it… I've gotten a little bit better, my kids have definitely helped me be less anxious about a lot of that stuff and I've also, yes, there are certain rooms now where I go and I've given up on… They're allowed everywhere! Really, I am very lucky to live in our house and they are just very nice to have me there." Speaking directly to her two little ones, who were watching the interview, she said: "You guys are really good, you're very good and I appreciate it."

The actress opened up about her children

READ: Charlize Theron's son 'in love' with Emily Blunt

The actress also opened up about being a single mum to the pair, telling Ellen DeGeneres: "I'm a single mum and I have an incredible village that helps me raise these two beautiful kids. It just takes a moment in the mornings when I have them alone they kind of work against each other sometimes. It's like one decides to freak out then BOTH decide to freak out. I don't know why they do that! You'd think they'd stand there and be considerate and be like, 'Well that one's freaking out I'm not going to freak out I'm going to be nice and chill out and let my mum deal with that', but they don't do that!"
It’s been well over a year since Kim Kardashian was robbed at gunpoint in her Paris hotel room. The violent attack, which happened on Oct. 3, 2016, took an emotional and psychological toll on Kardashian and her family. Even her husband Kanye West is still grappling with the after-effects of the incident. While he wasn’t with his wife at the moment the robbery happened, Kanye West’s reaction to Kim Kardashian’s Paris robbery is quite sad and really speaks to the depth of his love for her.

In an all-new interview with radio personality Charlamagne tha God, West spoke at length about a variety of topics, including his mental health, therapy, Twitter, and Kardashian’s robbery.

In the interview, West talked about feeling hopeless in light of his wife’s Paris misfortune:

You're feeling, like, helpless, like what can you do? … I went to Paris on that trip to protect her. Not protect her physically, but to just go and help her with her looks because she's in Paris. So I'm like, 'Let me put my eye on it personally.'

The famed rapper left to be at his wife’s side in the middle of a set during the Meadows Music and Arts Festival in New York. He cited a “family emergency” at the time and promptly took his leave.

Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images

During his interview with Charlamagne tha God, West also talked about how Kardashian’s assailants plotted against her and waited for him to be out the picture:

One of the things she said that she heard was they were coming to rob her and they had to wait until I had left. The people had been strategizing and scheming on that for a long time. So when she probably got to Paris by herself, they were like 'This is our chance.' The next thing you know, I get off the flight the next day, and they were like, 'Oh, OK, we gotta like fall back.' And then when I left a couple days later — I almost stayed — I hear, my friend comes up to me and says 'Your wife was robbed.'

It sounds as if West feels a bit of regret about not staying by Kardashian’s side during that trip, which is super sad. Ultimately, the whole ordeal isn’t West’s fault, but that he still feels the sting of it really shows how much the incident impacted him.

Kardashian herself has been exceptionally outspoken about the incident, often relaying the details of the robbery for talk shows, interviews, and social media. In an Instagram post from March 2017, Kardashian shared a few words ahead of an episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians that revolved around the robbery:

Tonight's episode is going to be very tough for me. However, I thought it was important to share this story through my eyes & not in an interview where my own words could be twisted. I have always shared so much & I'm not going to hold back when this was probably one of the most life changing experiences for me. I would never wish this experience upon anyone, but have learned some valuable lessons & feel so blessed to be safe home with my babies & husband. To my friends, family, and loved ones I can't thank you enough for being there when I needed you the most. To the French police, thank you for your incredible hard work.

Although the violent robbery had a profound effect on West and Kardashian, it seems that they’ve really pulled through and are stronger than ever. Kardashian has frequently said that she’s a better person because of what happened. And there’s absolutely no doubt that her relationship with West and her children is strengthened because of that.

The road to healing after such a traumatic event is long, but Kardashian and West are well on their way.
Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck were close to finalizing their divorce in the weeks leading up to his return to rehab, multiple sources tell PEOPLE.

The former couple, both 46, first announced their separation in June 2015 and later officially filed for divorce in April 2017. Almost a year and a half after filing, the two were close to a final settlement before Affleck returned to treatment on Wednesday with Garner’s help.

Another source close to the couple says the two are still “working on” the divorce: “They’ve spent quite some time figuring out what works best for them and their family.”

A source told PEOPLE in the days before the rehab trip that Garner was mostly concerned about how finalizing their divorce would affect their three children — Violet, 12, Seraphina, 9, and Samuel, 6.

“Her number one concern is the kids,” the source said, noting that Garner struggles with questions like, “Is Ben healthy enough to have custody?” Added the source: “What she ultimately cares about is his sobriety and whether she can rely on him to co-parent.”

WATCH: Ben Affleck Enters Rehab for Third Time as ‘Visibly Upset’ Jennifer Garner Drives Him to Treatment

In early August, an L.A. court advised Garner and Affleck that their divorce case could be dismissed “for delay in prosecution” if they fail to proceed and provide necessary documents.

However, a source told PEOPLE at the time, “there is no rush here. They continue to figure out ways of working together as a family and this is what works for them.”

Jason Merritt/Getty

Since filing, the former couple have been in mediation with leading L.A. divorce lawyer Laura Wasser to settle privately. In the meantime, they have continued to co-parent their kids and earlier this year spent Easter weekend together with them in Hawaii, where Affleck was shooting his new movie Triple Frontier. They were also seen on a family trip to a Broadway show last month.

If you or someone you know is in need of help, please contact the SAMHSA substance abuse helpline at 1-800-662-HELP.
Who gave this the green light? A segment on a Dutch game show called Neem Je Zwemspullen Mee (Bring Your Bathing Suit) asks male contestants to guess whether women are fat or pregnant, and the internet is none too pleased about the misogynistic premise.

Related: Biggest Magazine Cover Controversies Ever From Mindy Kaling's 2013 Elle "Women in TV" cover controversy to Gisele Bundchen and LeBron James' "racially insensitive" Vogue cover from 2008, see the most talked-about, controversial magazine covers of all time.

The shocking episode aired in the Netherlands on Sunday, April 9, and, already, many are petitioning to have the show taken off the air for good. This isn’t the first time the series has stirred up controversy. Last year, Bring Your Bathing Suit made headlines when contestants were asked to guess whether a person was Japanese or Chinese, and if a woman’s breasts were real.

Related: Celebs Fight Back on Twitter! Stars like Gabourey Sidibe, Sarah Jessica Parker, Miley Cyrus, and Ariana Grande fight back against the haters on social media — see their classic retorts

“For everyone thinking The Netherlands is great. We reached a new low yesterday night. National TV game show: ‘is she pregnant or just fat?'” one angry viewer wrote on Twitter, while another fumed: “Welcome to the Netherlands, where we apparently have a tv show where men guess if a woman’s fat or pregnant. I f–king can’t.”

Related: Celebrity Activists! Stars like Leonardo DiCaprio, Angelina Jolie, and Natalie Portman use their influence for good, doing philanthropy work and fighting for their causes

In response to the backlash, the series has done away with the insensitive segment, according to DutchNews.nl. “The section Fat or Pregnant? was meant to show appearances can deceive. In this round we feature lots of prejudices based on what people look like,” show director Yvonne de Haan said in a statement. “Is he a criminal or a business man?, or is he Dutch or German? Putting things in a satirical setting is a way of laughing at prejudice. But we did it in a way that hurt people. That was never the intention and we regret it.”
Jenni “JWoww” Farley has come a long way since her hard-partying days on the original Jersey Shore.

Over the weekend, the MTV star celebrated Mother’s Day with her husband Roger Mathews and their two children: son Greyson Valor, 2, and daughter Meilani Alexandra, 3½.

After enjoying brunch, the couple spent the day at home with their little ones. In a photo shared with PEOPLE, the adorable family of four is all smiles in the park.

Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.

MTV

Jenni “JWoww” Farley and Roger Mathews with daughter Meilani and son Greyson

Farley, 32, also dedicated an adoring post to her children on Instagram. “To be your mom is a privilege and an honor,” she captioned a sweet slideshow of family photos.

“Some days I think I’m doing it all wrong and failing … other days I think I’m superhuman and kicking a— at parenting … but through it all, one thing never changes … You are my world, my heart and the reason it beats,” she added. “Everything I choose to do in life is for you. I try to better myself everyday for you two.”

RELATED VIDEO: JWoww Says It’s ‘Karma’ That Jersey Shore Castmate Ronnie Is Having a Baby Girl

Continued Farley, “In the end when nothing else matters, I just want to look back and know I gave you guys unconditional love, endless happy memories, sense of security and personality traits that will allow you to grow and prosper as 2 beautiful humans inside and out … to always choose kindness over hate … stand up for what’s right and always keep it [100], like mommy and daddy. #happymothersday.”

RELATED GALLERY: Gym, Tan, Baby! Can You Match the Jersey Shore Cast Members to Their Mini Meatballs?

Speaking to PEOPLE recently, Farley opened up about how she coped with being away from her kids while filming Jersey Shore Family Vacation in Miami earlier this year.

“I really think Bad Moms, as funny of a comedy it was, really paved the way for people like Nicole [‘Snooki’ Polizzi] and I to say it’s okay to have fun as a mom,” she said. “I feel like there’s a huge stigma — the moment you have kids, you’re not allowed to drink, you’re not allowed to put makeup on, how dare you take time to work out!”

Added Farley, “There’s just this stereotype that Nicole and I love to shut down and prove that you can be a phenomenal mother, but at the same time you can find time for yourself and it’s okay.”

Jersey Shore Family Vacation airs Thursdays at 8 p.m. ET on MTV.
It’s a party! Jimmy Fallon kicked off Saturday Night Live on April 15 with an epic flash mob featuring Harry Styles dancing to the late David Bowie‘s “Let’s Dance.”

Related: The Most Memorable SNL Hosts From perennial favorites Alec Baldwin and Justin Timberlake to less successful stars Lindsay Lohan and Justin Bieber, Saturday Night Live hosts can make or break the show -- see the most memorable hosts!

The Tonight Show host, 42, returned to host the NBC late-night sketch comedy show for the first time since 2013 to celebrate the first-ever episode that aired live from coast to coast. “Tonight is bigger than a show,” he said during his opening monologue. “It’s a party!”

SNL‘s house band then began playing “Let’s Dance” as Fallon walked off the stage and through the halls of the studio, surrounded by dozens of backup dancers. While he sang the 1983 tune, he was joined by the SNL cast members and the evening’s musical guest, Styles, 23.

Related: The 20 Biggest Boy Bands Man power! Us looks back at music's most successful all-male groups, from One Direction to the Backstreet Boys

And while the former One Direction singer only appeared for approximately 15 seconds, his charming (and funny!) dance moves and irresistible smile essentially stole the show.

Related: Jimmy Fallon's Most Hilarious Talk Show Games Jimmy Fallon took The Tonight Show up a notch with some hilarious talk show games -- see his finest moments!

Later on, Styles performed his new single, “Sign of the Times,” and debuted a second song, “Ever Since New York,” from his upcoming debut self-titled solo album.

Saturday Night Live airs on NBC Saturdays at 11:30 p.m. ET.
In 1969, a nun in Baltimore went missing. Two months later, her body was found. Her name was Sister Cathy Cesnik. She was a beloved 26-year-old teacher at the local Archbishop Keough High School, and her death left the community confounded: Who would want to hurt this woman? Decades later, the case is still unsolved—but the circumstances around it have grown wild and complex, with police desperate to determine if Cesnik’s death had anything to do with a major sexual abuse scandal at the school. What did she know? And who, ultimately, used that information against her?

The mysterious murder is coming to light this spring thanks to Netflix, which is releasing a seven-part docu-series about Cesnik’s death titled The Keepers. A new trailer, released on People, is giving true-crime fans a first look at the series, and is already striking an ominous, conspiratorial tone.

The trailer’s main action is led by locals who knew Sister Cathy, particularly two former students who have never stopped trying to solve the devastating murder. After Cesnik’s death, many quickly linked her case to the alleged covered-up sexual-abuse scandal by priest Father Joseph Maskell, who was accused of sexually abusing dozens of school girls. He later paid settlements to his accusers, per People.

But two of the accusers, Jean Wehner and Teresa Lancaster, decided to participate in the Netflix documentary, directed by Ryan White. The series digs into the allegations, attempting to untangle the dark web Maskell—whom White describes as a “sociopath”—allegedly weaved, and trying to bring to light all the insidious participants who helped him get away it.

“This is a story of accountability and, at best, dozens of people and institutions dropped the ball and didn’t protect children and adults,” White tells People. “At worst, dozens of people and institutions covered things up so it could never be brought to light or were directly involved in crimes.”

He adds that while many of the alleged perpetrators, including Maskell, died before being brought to justice, “there are people still alive who I do believe need to be held accountable.”

True-crime stories have always been at the forefront of pop culture, but there’s been a boom in recent years, thanks to the explosive success of podcasts like Serial, HBO’s series The Jinx, and Netflix’s own Making a Murderer. However, retelling crime stories often presents a problem when it comes to finding a fitting ending. Serial, for example, had an amazing run, but ended on a “You be the judge” note that left many grasping for a more concrete finale. But though White was never focused on solving the murder of Sister Cathy, he feels strongly that the ending of this docu-series, unlike many true crime stories before it, will be promising: “I finished this project thinking this murder can be solved.”
Coming Soon

It's OK

An intimate look inside the life of Lebanese superstar Elissa as she prepares to drop her first independent album and reflects on her path to stardom.

Griselda

Fleeing from Medellín to Miami with her three young sons and a kilo of cocaine, Griselda Blanco becomes the ruthless boss of a booming drug empire.

Sonic Prime

When an explosive battle with Dr. Eggman shatters the universe, Sonic races through parallel dimensions to reconnect with his friends and save the world.

One Day

After spending graduation night together, Emma and Dexter go their separate ways — but their lives remain intertwined. Based on David Nicholls' novel.

Raël: The Last Prophet

Featuring interviews with his followers, critics and Raël himself, this docuseries traces how a UFO-inspired religion spiraled into a controversial cult.

Einstein and the Bomb

What happened after Einstein fled Nazi Germany? Using archival footage and his own words, this docudrama dives into the mind of a tortured genius.

Captains of the World

From the locker room to the pitch, this docuseries offers exclusive access to all 32 teams as they fight for football glory in the 2022 FIFA World Cup.

Baby Bandito

His name is Kevin Tapia. But in Europe he's known as "Il Baby Bandito". This is the story of the skater that pulled off the heist of the century in Chile.
Chris Brown has a serious problem.

What it is? The polarising nature of his legacy.

For, while some commend him for maintaining his position as one of the world’s biggest stars, many cite his declining pure sales and quality of his new material as grounds for their refusal to name him one of the greats.

Worrying, as he now finds himself forced to look on as Beyonce, Rihanna, Bruno Mars and Drake elevated to heights his critics believe he will never reach.

You can tell Chris Brown writes his own music. 1. Bc it’s repetitive 2. It’s basic. He’s not living up to his potential, and he had chances to do so, but being rich since an early teen kinda hinders your growth as person. Or so I’ve heard. — ehhhh (@muhfugginjkells) February 11, 2018

Now, the critical mass has launched a scathing attack on his art after he took to Twitter to reveal that he’d like to tour with the first three artists mentioned above.

Why?

The public’s estimation of Chris’ career below…

Lmao Chris brown really has been making the same cheap ass music for years. I always felt like I was alone in that — Angela Renay (@angie_goodwood) May 10, 2017

y’all smokin crisp dick if you think Chris Brown could bring anything to a Beyonce/Rihanna/Bruno concert. — kit es muy frio (@kxxvik) February 10, 2018

I’m so tired of yall hyping up Chris Brown and his dancing. Like that nigga is gassed up way too much just to be doing some simple ass pop/lock and flips. If he were to EVER get the opp to go on tour with Bruno,

Rihanna, or Beyonce, he’d be opening for them IN THAT ORDER. pic.twitter.com/4ZE0BkU2BW — ??? (@virgheaux_) February 12, 2018

.@chrisbrown you should’ve said a world tour with Usher, not Beyonce. You no where near her level. Whoever gassed you up, lied to you Beyonce has more #1 albums and #1 hits than you.

Beyonce doesn’t lip sync. And she can sing & dance at same damn time! Something you can’t do — Kayla’s Dad (@Byron_mk7r) February 12, 2018

?????????? Chris Brown fans so delusional some think he’s a better performer than Beyoncè ??? Beyoncè sells out stadiums world wide stoppppp itttt ? — aunt veev (@veevgabrielle) February 13, 2018

Chris Brown has an entire swarm of DELUSIONAL fans who don’t buy his music . They been in my mentions all day with these alternative facts pic.twitter.com/sPL3tRY9Kw — tony (@gawdcompIexx) February 12, 2018

yall really trying to convince people that chris brown has classics and is on par with beyonce? delusional — camille (@camilllionairre) February 12, 2018

Chris Brown fans are by far the actual dumbest, most delusional people I’ve ever had the displeasure to interact with. pic.twitter.com/OaeUjTuGbm — Damiyoncé (@macaDAMIANut_) February 12, 2018

The only time Beyoncé was inspired by Chris Brown pic.twitter.com/pWeEOio2eZ — Beys Industry (@BeysIndustry) February 12, 2018

Rihanna is a full-out mogul. Beyoncé is hailed as the greatest living entertainer by legends. Bruno has done with 3 albums what Chris Brown still hasn’t achieved after 8. Are you trying to drag him yourself or are you really this delusional? https://t.co/ao5wa3AxRd — ladies is pimps too (@ultimatenegro) February 10, 2018

chris brown really put himself in the same category as rihanna, beyonce, and bruno mars. i’m logging off. — king crissle (@crissles) February 9, 2018

Chris Brown’s boxscores from his recent tour. Struggled to sell out arenas, but somehow he’s on Beyoncé’s lvl and surpassed Michael Jackson. ??? pic.twitter.com/9gj6L440Zz — TenNumber-OnesBish (@BeyonceStanBish) February 12, 2018

y’all just be retweeting anything. Rihanna has 14 #1 hits, Bruno Mars has 7 #1 hits, Beyoncé has 6 #1 hits and Chris Brown only has 2. That nigga ain’t no where close to their level and y’all need to stop boosting him pic.twitter.com/sAMoZJTMvG — reggie (@1942bs) February 11, 2018

Beyoncé: *Serves SUPERIOR vocals, performs without running out of breath, has 22 Grammys, 6 #1’s, all albums #1, gives outstanding performances, has a Peabody award, has ASCAP writing award, last album has over 100 awards* Ashy twitter: “Chris Brown can do a backflip tho” — ? (@zaddyyonce) February 12, 2018

??? You’re a real Chris Brown fan. Wasn’t no way in hell I was gone listen to his voice for 4 hours — King of the Amazons?? (@BlackSupaMon) February 13, 2018

Totally unfair.

However, with so many agreeing with the messages above, we hope the undeniably gifted Brown uses the criticism as motivation to deliver music and videos just as brilliant he is.

Bruno’s first & 2nd album went 6x platinum. None of CBs done that. Which is why he can sell out arenas dolo and CB as of late needs all his friends on the card. He got lazy and now reduced to being on rap hooks w/ 2012 Wayne bars being sung — Just Be You (@WalkLikeWalt) February 12, 2018

Your thoughts?
Harry Styles knows that you care way more than you should about his relationship with ex-girlfriend Taylor Swift, and he's ready to play with your feelings a little more.

RELATED STORY (Image credit: Getty Images) Harry Styles' Dancing Is the Best Part of VSFS

Onstage at one of his concerts the other night, Styles mentioned Swift in such a sly way, that fans are already praying for a reunion. Wishing an audience member happy birthday, Styles asked how old she was turning, to which the fan replied, "22." It's not hard to guess what happened next.

Announcing the news to the audience, Styles said, "22. She’s 22, okay? I don’t know about..." And as every Swift fan knows, that's exactly how the lyrics to "22" go. You can watch the whole interaction on Twitter:

Unfortunately, Styles didn't launch into a full-on cover of "22," although he should definitely consider doing so in a future set.

Styles and Swift started dating in November 2012, and were photographed together for the first time in December the same year, when they were spotted in Central Park. Perez Hilton reported their breakup on January 7, 2013, with a source revealing, "They are both really busy and never in one place for long. Harry's really upset about the split and is really sensitive about it." They both went on to write songs about each other.

the tea is that harry will never forget taylor as long as he lives as well pic.twitter.com/jyutkmDj95March 19, 2018 See more

me: i'm over haylor now they're both in separate relationships and it's been yearsharry: taylorme: HELLO BITCH!March 19, 2018 See more

Perhaps the best things that Swift has bestowed upon the world are the copious references to ex-boyfriends that she's scattered throughout her discography. Instead of having to rely on gossip and paparazzi photos, fans of the "Look What You Made Me Do" singer can relive every relationship she's had via intimate song lyrics, and hidden album liner notes. And clearly, Styles loves Swift's work as much as the rest of us.
Luann D’Agostino‘s daughter Victoria de Lesseps is facing legal troubles.

PEOPLE confirms the Real Housewives of New York City reality star’s 22-year-old child was arrested on Apr. 7 for driving while under the influence in Sag Harbor, New York.

“I look forward to defending her vigorously in court,” de Lesseps’ attorney, Edward Burke Jr., told Page Six.

D’Agostino had no comment about the incident.

FROM COINAGE: See Where 6 Stars Were Before They Were Famous

De Lesseps was driving a 2003 Land Rover after midnight when police said she was driving without headlights, according to The East Hampton Star. Her breath test reportedly registered an .15., and the legal limit is .08 percent. She was released the next morning without bail.

De Lesseps is scheduled for court on May 5.
The father of one of the world's biggest stars has waded into the immigration debate.

Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for NARAS

In recent months, hundreds of migrants have been relocated to a dormitory on New York City's Upper West Side where, according to restaurateur Joe Germanotta — better known as Grammy and Oscar winner Lady Gaga's dad — residents' quality of life has been going downhill. Joe — who's lived in the affluent area, along with wife Cynthia, for 35 years and also owns and runs Joanne Trattoria eatery there — spoke to the New York Post to explain his stance.

As he tells it in a story published on Aug. 9, the problems started six weeks earlier when NYC turned the Stratford Arms Hotel — which had been a residence hall for the American Musical and Dramatic Academy and is just down the block from Joe's home — into a shelter for 500 migrants. "It was a stealth operation. They were bused in the middle of the night, like when they flew them into Westchester, they didn't want anybody to know what was going on," he shared. "It was all pretty rapid."

He said that the migrants have been throwing block parties outside their hotel that run into the early morning hours, that people are recklessly riding e-bikes and scooters on one-way streets and that evidence of prostitution has emerged. Girls as young as 14 are getting catcalled and residents are dealing with verbal abuse too, he alleged. There's also trash piling up on what used to be clean streets. It's all causing property values to drop and leaving residents feeling helpless, Joe explained. "They're guests in our neighborhood and they have basically taken over," he said.

Joe Schildhorn/BFA/Shutterstock

"Hookers are coming and going. In the mornings, you see prostitutes coming out of the building," he said, adding that "the worst part's at night" because of "the noise," which "starts at about 10 o'clock" and goes "until 4 in the morning." Joe also said they're "playing music and racing their motocross and motorbikes up and down the streets."

If things were like this when Joe was raising his daughters — Lady Gaga (real name: Stefani Germanotta) and Natali Germanotta — "I wouldn't be living in New York," he said.

According to the businessman, "The dormitory students at the school, the American Music and Dance Academy, were given two weeks' notice that they had to get out, and none of the residents in the neighborhood were given any notice about the migrant shelter." He believes that about 500 migrants are living in 400 rooms that are only large enough for a bed and refrigerator and that everyone is sharing bathrooms — a typical college dorm setup.

Donna Ward/Getty Images

Joe made it clear that his issue is not that the migrants are in his neighborhood. It's that the city isn't dealing with the issues that have emerged nor is there a plan to restore order, he claimed. "I think, for the most part, the 500 that are in there are good people," Joe explained. "And I think they're locked into very small rooms and when they get out, they go out at night, and they party."

He added, "I don't mind having them there. They're gonna be there for three years. That was the contract, I understand. But at least manage it. Put the proper security in place, have a police presence and a code of conduct."

Joe is the board president of his building and, along with other neighboring residences, is lobbying City Hall for better policing and supervision while the migrants are there. He also has some advice for NYC's mayor: "In my opinion, you should have just suspended 'sanctuary city' status until we had enough housing and then said, 'Yeah, OK, you can send some more,'" Joe told the Post. "It's a joke. Why doesn't he get one of the cruise ships? The cruise ships hold more people, and it's a more controlled environment. The city is spending a tremendous amount of money that could be spent towards building affordable housing."


The magical kingdom of director Guy Ritchie's "Aladdin" is being revealed.

The live-action film dropped its first teaser trailer Thursday. It came a day after Will Smith, who plays Genie, showed off the film's poster featuring the magical gold lamp.

The teaser set ups the menace Aladdin (Mena Massoud) faces finding the lamp, which grants wishes courtesy of Genie.

A menacing voice refers to the street-wise character as "a diamond in the rough" before showing him about to take hold of the lamp.

Smith has still not been revealed as Genie. The star teased that his magical character was stuck inside the gold lamp when he showed the poster on his Facebook page Wednesday.

"LEMME OUT!! :-)," Smith wrote. "Can’t wait for y’all to see Me BLUE!

More:'Aladdin' casts its live-action Princess Jasmine, Aladdin and Genie at last

"Power Rangers" star Naomi Scott (she played the Pink Ranger in the 2017 film) has the coveted role of Princess Jasmine.

Smith has big shoes to fill playing the part made famous by Robin Williams in 1992's animated classic "Aladdin."

Last September, Smith posted a photo of himself with his cast members on the set. He promised he was "gettin my Genie on."

The live-action version hits theaters May 24, 2019.
Even before FX’s Feud premiered, series creator Ryan Murphy teased how the mini-series would end for Joan Crawford and Bette Davis, the beleaguered Hollywood legends played by Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon.

“I have always had a wistful dream that Bette and Joan could have watched this [show] together,” Murphy told Vanity Fair of the star-crossed friends. “I think that my favorite line from What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? is at the end of the film, when Jane tells Blanche, just as she is dying, ‘You mean all this time, we could have been friends?’ To me, that’s what the whole show is about.”

Murphy was so serious about the sentiment that he used it for the title of his finale: “You Mean All This Time We Could Have Been Friends?” And, as he hinted he might, Murphy found a way to reimagine a better outcome for his protagonists. Crawford, nearing the end of her days in her high-rise Manhattan apartment, hallucinates a brilliant fantasy sequence in which she walks into her living room to find Jack Warner (Stanley Tucci), Hedda Hopper (Judy Davis), and Davis. Warner and Hopper—the forces who willed the stars’ great rivalry into existence, for good publicity and better copy—part, and Crawford sits alone with Davis.

It’s tender, cathartic, and tragic to see these two Hollywood titans put their vulnerability and ego aside to connect. The sad irony of the fantasy, though, is that in the loneliness of these women’s final years, they never realized how much they truly had in common. They were strong women who battled the studio system to build long-lasting careers, only to be tossed aside as talk-show punchlines the moment the industry decided their expiration date was up. They focused so intently on their careers that they never had truly satisfying relationships with family or friends, and would go on to become the subjects of vengeful memoirs from their ungrateful daughters. And they would cope with the despair of their dwindling careers—and in turn, their crumbling identities—in the same way: by becoming alcoholic recluses fixated on the past.

In the finale, Murphy allows for another fantasy for the duo by showing Davis dialing Crawford’s number after hearing that her What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? co-star is sick. But Davis cannot bring herself to speak into the receiver—one final missed opportunity at what could have been a meaningful friendship. In a real-life interview, though, Davis’s daughter, B.D., explained why she thought her mother never thawed her iciness toward Crawford.

“Mother felt they had nothing in common,” B.D. said, according to Shaun Considine’s The Divine Feud. “And at that time she couldn’t be friends with herself. She was full of self-pity and hatred.”

Without a lifeline from Davis or anyone else in Hollywood, Crawford’s final years were actually even sadder than they are as depicted on Murphy’s Feud finale.
Dwayne Johnson's Luke Hobbs and Jason Statham's Deckard Shaw were adversaries during Furious 7, and their feud continued into The Fate of the Furious, but as that latter movie chugged along, the two found themselves working together to bring down Charlize Theron's Cipher. Rather than keep their dynamic going in another of the main Fast and the Furious movies, Universal gave the green light to a spinoff movie starring Hobbs and Shaw, which is reportedly being called... well, Hobbs and Shaw, and now it's official: Deadpool 2 director David Leitch will helm that spinoff.

It was reported back in early February that David Leitch was in early talks to direct Hobbs and Shaw, and today EW confirmed that Leitch has officially signed on to the movie. David Leitch spent years in Hollywood as a stuntman/stunt coordinator, but he kicked off his directing career with 2014's John Wick, which he co-helmed with Chad Stahelski. Leitch followed up with Atomic Blonde and next month's Deadpool 2, making Hobbs and Shaw his fourth movie on his directorial resume. He will be working off a script written by Chris Morgan, who has penned all of the Fast and the Furious movies since 2006's Tokyo Drift.

The Fast and the Furious franchise has changed quite a bit since it launched in 2001, morphing into movies revolving around street races and heists to its protagonists now often working to save the world. But along with cars, one of the constants in this film series has been action, and with Dwayne Johnson and Jason Statham being the stars of Hobbs and Shaw, you need to double down on that particular element. Hiring David Leitch as director is a good step towards ensuring that happens, as he has plenty of experience with stunt-driven action both in front of and behind the camera. While it's reasonable to assume that driving/racing will still factor into this spinoff, given that Luke Hobbs and Deckard Shaw are two of the best fighters among the main Fast and the Furious characters, one would imagine that means there will be even more throwing down of fisticuffs compared to the main series entries.

No plot details for Hobbs and Shaw have been revealed yet, though as with the previous movies, you can count on the spinoff being packed with craziness. When we last saw these two in The Fate of the Furious, they were celebrating with Dom Toretto and the rest of the crew in having successfully Dom's kid and stopped Cipher's plans. However, Cipher eluded capture, so perhaps the spinoff will see Hobbs and Shaw tracking her down, though I suspect there isn't a shortage of other baddies for them to take on.

Hobbs and Shaw will race into theaters on July 26, 2019, and so far has no competition that opening weekend, though that will change eventually. Keep checking back with CinemaBlend for more updates about the Fast and the Furious spinoff and the franchise as a whole, and be sure to look through our 2018 release guide to learn what movies are coming out later this year.
Richard Simmons has shared a message regarding his health regarding his voluntary absence from public life since 2014. The fitness icon was hospitalized last week for indigestion.

He posted a message on his Facebook page saying:

“Hope you’re having a beautiful Sunday. I wanted to take a moment to send a big thank you to the wonderful doctors, nurses and staff at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center during my short stay there this week. They make you feel good even though you’re in the hospital for feeling bad.

Another shout out goes to the wonderful men and women of the Los Angeles Police Dept. They were so helpful and kind as I returned home. Let’s take a minute and all be thankful for medical professionals, police, firefighters and our brave military forces here and around the world. They risk so much every day to make us well and keep us protected. God Bless all of them.”
Caitlyn Jenner is opening up about the difficulty of maintaining a relationship with her kids following her gender transition, the mistakes she’s made in her journey and how she once thought the only time she would get to publicly wear woman’s clothing would be in her coffin.

The 68-year-old reality television star pours her heart out during a new profile for Broadly, in which she discusses her strained family relationships.

“I spend a lot of time by myself here in the house,” she tells transgender journalist Diana Tourjee. “I have a lot of children, but sometimes just because of circumstances, maintaining a close relationship with your kids is very tough. They all have lives. They’ve all moved on.”

“We’re just human beings; we’re going to be here for a very short time,” Caitlyn adds. “We come and we go and at the end, when it’s all said and done, hopefully your family is going to be there.”

Caitlyn also goes into detail about her initial plans to complete a gender transition by the time she turned 40, in 1989, only to get started, then backtrack, after she and then-wife, Kris Jenner, welcomed their daughter, Kendall, in 1995.

According to the article, Caitlyn underwent more than four years of hormone therapy and had developed “a little B-cup” by the time she met Kris (who denied knowing that Caitlyn -- who went by Bruce at the time -- was transgender when they met, during an episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians).

"When Kendall was born, I had liposuction and got rid of [my breasts],” explains Caitlyn, who welcomed a second daughter, Kylie, with Kris in 1997, and has four other children from previous relationships. “Because I thought, ‘I can’t even go swimming with my kid.’”

While she completed the transformation in 2017, she says there was a time when she imagined Caitlyn might only ever materialize upon the death of Bruce -- sharing how years ago she wanted to state in her will that she wished to be buried in female clothing.

“I thought about that a lot over the years,” she says. “And, it would shock everybody. Screw ‘em.”

At her lowest point as Bruce, she kept a wig and women’s clothing on board her plane and would allow Caitlyn to come to life while up in the sky, far away from the real world and feeling “free as can be.”

Caitlyn also addresses the controversy ignited by her political views and comments made during media interviews, which have upset the LBGTQ community.

“Along the way, did I make mistakes? Absolutely,” she says. “But I never did it maliciously. I just didn’t know, you know? And I really didn’t realize how critical the community was going to be.”

Regardless of the controversy, she stands by her political standing.

“I think it’s good that I’m on the Republican side because the Republicans know that, and I have an immediate in with them to change their minds,” she says. “The Republicans need the most work when it comes to our issues, I get that. I would rather work from the inside. I’m not the type of person who is going to stand on a street corner with a sign and jump up and down. No, I’m going to go have dinner with these people.”

The transgender community aren’t the only ones whom she has felt “bashing” her. The Kardashians reportedly felt "betrayed" when Caitlyn published her 2017 memoir, The Secrets of My Life.

“I got the trans community out there bashing on me, I got the Kardashians out there bashing on me,” she reflects. “All I do is sit here in the house and try to stay out of trouble.”

See more on the I Am Cait star below.

RELATED CONTENT:
Oh, family drama.

Teen Mom OG's Farrah Abraham is one of four reality stars at the center of WE tv's new series, Marriage Boot Camp Reality Stars: Family Edition, and she's facing off against her mom, Debra Danielsen, with whom she's had a contentious relationship.

RELATED: 'Teen Mom OG' Star Farrah Abraham Splits From Boyfriend Simon Saran

ET exclusively debuts a dramatic sneak peek from Friday's series premiere, in which the 25-year-old is confronted with past "hurtful" comments she's made about Danielsen -- at one time saying "then f***ing die already."

When asked why she said that, Abraham explained that it was "probably from all the pain I've been through in my life," before directing her attention to her mother, alleging that Danielsen kept "abusive behavior around me continuously."

"That is totally wrong," Danielsen fired back, shaking her head as Abraham continued to list her grievances.

RELATED: Kendra Wilkinson, Farrah Abraham Confront Loved Ones on 'Marriage Boot Camp'

Things came to a head when Abraham brought up a 2010 altercation the two had, and the resulting confrontation between mother and daughter became too much to bear.

"I get pissed and I can't take this s***!," an emotional Abraham said through her tears as she stormed off the set of Marriage Boot Camp Reality Stars. To see more from the intense confrontation, watch the exclusive video above.

Marriage Boot Camp Reality Stars: Family Edition premieres Friday at 9 p.m. ET/PT on WE tv.
Kourtney Kardashian's Mexican birthday getaway just hit the maximum level of wet and wild!

After videos featuring nipple clamps and sex toys alongside sister Kim, the 38-year-old mother of three posted a NSFW video of herself rolling around naked in a shallow pool.

The clip was shot from a distance and blurred over, but it's obvious Kourt was naked from head to toe.
What’s the story?

Nikki Bella turned down the opportunity to appear on the latest season of Dancing With The Stars in favour of focusing on her WWE return. The news was revealed on the most recent episode of E! Network’s Total Divas.

In case you didn’t know...

Dancing With The Stars is an American television show, and the concept is fairly obvious given the name. A string of celebrities swap their regular lives for the dancefloor in an attempt to impress the judges and take home the title at the end of the season. Some fans may be familiar with the show courtesy of Chris Jericho’s stint on it a few years back.

The heart of the matter

On the aforementioned episode of Total Divas, Nikki had the following to say to her agent when it came to actually accepting the opportunity.

'I'm ... I'm gonna pass. I know it's an amazing opportunity, but I just ... I really want my comeback to be in that ring and nowhere else.''

Given when the show was filmed we have yet to see her actual return to the ring which, as we all know, has now taken place.

Also read: 5 Reasons why Nikki Bella is the greatest female WWE Superstar of all time

What’s next?

It’ll be interesting to see whether or not they show Nikki getting back inside the squared circle before the end of the season, but in terms of her current trajectory, there’s a chance that The Fearless One could end up on DWTS after all. It seems as if she’s taking even longer off from the ring this time round, so a run on the show wouldn’t be entirely out of the question.

Author’s take

It seems as if Nikki going on DWTS would’ve suited her down to a tee, but we’re glad that she decided to return to the ring instead. She got a series of good pops during her latest run, and no matter what anyone else says, the proposal at WrestleMania was a heart-warming moment for fans of Total Divas and Nikki herself.

Send us news tips at [email protected]
Unlike in the past where entrepreneurship was predominantly viewed as a preserve of men, there are some women in the business world who have redefined themselves as some of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs.

These women aren’t only just entrepreneurs, but they have also built their own successful business empires against all odds.

Try our online invoicing software for free Send professional-looking invoices

Accept online payments with ease

Keep track of who's paid you

Start sending invoices Send professional-looking invoicesAccept online payments with easeKeep track of who's paid you

Here are some of the most powerful female entrepreneurs that you have probably not heard about.

Sara Blakely

According to a research finding published by Forbes, Sara Blakely is not just a successful female entrepreneur, but she is also one the youngest female entrepreneurs in the world.

At the age of 29, she started SPANX Inc (an American apparel company that is popular for producing leggings and pants). The company also manufacturers pantyhose, as well as, other women undergarments.

Since 2010, the company has been producing male garments that have become synonymous with male celebrities.

According to Financial Times, Blakely’s company has raked in more than $250 million in revenue. Its net profit margins are estimated at 20%.

Estée Lauder

Estée Lauder was born into an entrepreneurial family. Initially, Lauder only sold her cream to her friends, but after receiving glowing reviews, she decided to bring the product to market.

She was fully committed to helping all women feel and look beautiful. And so began he journey of crafting several beauty creams, including Six-In-One and Dr. Schotz’s Viennese Cream which came to be sold them in beauty shops and resorts around the world.

Because she refused to take no for an answer, she was well-known for employing guerrilla sales tactics to create exposure for her products.

Estée Lauder Companies today include several popular beauty brands including Origins, Clinique, and Bobbi Brown. Even though Lauder died in 2004, the umbrella company still generates over $14.2 billion in sales per year.

Talk about a legacy!

Tory Burch

She is commonly known as the Billionaire Queen, thanks to the fact that she is worth an estimated net worth of $1 billion. She is the CEO and Founder of Tory Burch LLC, one of the US’ most popular fashion Labels.

She has worked with renowned designers such as Ralph Lauren, Vera Wang and Narciso Rodriguez prior to launching her own label.

In her interview with Oprah Winfrey, who also dubbed her the world’s biggest thing in fashion, she said that her site got 8 million hits the next day.

She also shocked many when she said that her fashion line has more than 3,000 departments as well as specialty stores across the globe.

In 2015, Forbes listed her as 64rd most powerful woman in the world.

She is one of the wealthiest women in the world to be involved in philanthropy. She is the founder of Breast Cancer Research Foundation, which supports women suffering from cancer, as well as, sensationalising them about the disease.

Arianna Huffington

Ariana is the founder of Huffington, just like her name implies. The Greek-American author’s net worth is estimated to be worth about $315 million, according to a post she published in 2014 on Huffington Post.

After selling Huffington for an undisclosed amount of money, she was rumoured to have been paid a pre-tax pay day of about $100 million.

Having written 13 great books in 2009, she became the world’s 12th most influential woman.

She also vied for Californian gubernatorial seat as an independent candidate in 2003. She is Michael Huffington’s ex-wife, the former Republican congressman.

Beyonce Knowles

Many people know her as one of the most talented American female pop singer and actress, but Beyonce is also one of the richest and most powerful women entrepreneurs in the world.

She has a net worth of $450 million according to Forbes. She is the wife of one of the richest American rappers, Jay Z.

She is the co-founder of House of Doreon, an American fashion line that she co-founded with her mother.

In 2012, Beyonce launched shop.beyonce.com, which she uses to market her accessories and branded apparels.

Yang Lan

She is arguably the most powerful women entrepreneur in the Chinese media.

She is mostly referred to as the China’s Oprah having co-founded one of the most vibrant media conglomerates in China, Sun Media.

Her media empire spans newspapers, TV and magazines. Being a leading television host, she has interviewed prominent personalities such as Hillary Clinton, Bill Gates and Kobe Bryant among others.

According to Chinas Hurun Rich List, her estimated wealth is about $1.1 billion.

But in various interviews with leading media stations, she has refused to disclose her wealth.

Kiran Mazumdar

Kiran is one of many amazing female entrepreneurs from India. In fact, she is India’s first female entrepreneur, having founded Biocon in 1978. By then she was only 25.

She is among the richest 100 people in India, and she is ranked as the 4th richest in the country. She had a net worth of $1.17 in 2015 according to Forbes.

Her company Biocon, which she started as a relatively small industrial-enzymes company was valued at $460 billion in revenue in 2015.

She is known to be very humble despite her wealth and unmatched entrepreneur skills.

In 2014, she became the first woman in the world to win Othmer Gold medal courtesy of her contributions to science via entrepreneurship.

She has also won numerous prestigious prizes among them Global Economy Prize, for her achievement in business.

J. K Rowling

Despite being once a destitute single mom, Rowling has become one of the best-selling author.

Some of her best-selling books include Sorcerer’s Stone and Harry Potter. Forbes estimated her net worth in 2015 as about $1 billion. She is also known to be one of the best authors of all time.

Even though nearly all of her money is earned from books, this hasn’t stopped her from being a successful entrepreneur.

She owns a lot of properties that are worth hundred of millions of dollars.

Best Books for Entrepreneurs [Expert Roundup] We asked a bunch of entrepreneurs what books have had the biggest impact in their professional life. Read on to find out which ones they picked! READ MORE

Conclusion

It’s true that there are women entrepreneurs who are way powerful, successful and richer than even some of the most prominent male personalities across the world.

It’s only a matter of time before more and more successful women entrepreneurs emerge.

That’s why the idea that entrepreneurship is a preserve of the men is now a thing of the past that has been overtaken by events.


Some disturbing, but not surprising, news is billowing out from the set of “The Real” like smoke from an extinguished fire.

The “fire” was the firing of popular co-host Tamar Braxton for basically five major reasons, including: On-set tantrums, “p-ssing off’ sponsors, and a focus group that revealed Tamar’s “aggressive eye-rolling and mouth-smacking” turned off “educated women” viewers as they are “indicative of behavior African-American women have worked years to overcome.”

Executives of ‘The Real’ reportedly fired Tamar from “The Real” for three real reasons:

Negative feedback on her ‘ghetto’ persona received from focus groups of the daytime talk show

On-set insubordination

Advertiser complaints – (The show’s sales team made it clear that advertisers did not want her in their segments due to her antics and lack of cooperation).

On Saturday, May 21, Braxton and her co-hosts (Adrienne Bailon, Jeannie Mai, Loni Love and Tamara Mowry) all got phone calls from the show’s parent company Telepictures/Warner Bros. to inform the group that the popular talk show would be moving forward without Braxton.

Braxton was blindsided by the news, as were all of her co-hosts.

“Everyone was caught off guard. None of them saw it coming and everyone was completely blindsided by the decision,” a source close to production tells Daily Mail Online.

The cast was also taken aback because, as Loni Love stated in her video response, all five cast members had just completed a new photo shoot for images that were supposed to be used to promote their upcoming third season.

The group was also scheduled to fly to New Orleans together over the July 4th weekend for a rare off-season multi-day taping to occur at this year’s Essence Festival, where they were scheduled to film episodes of their show and premiere them when they returned in September.

But an alleged flagrant Braxton error in judgement derailed that those plans. The show’s executive producer is said to have cursed her out in earshot of other staffers on set a few weeks ago, after Braxton reportedly sulked over losing a game during the taping, the Daily Mail reports.

“It was an ugly scene. Pinterest was sponsoring the segment and Tamar was genuinely upset she was losing the game.

‘She really acted out during the taping in front of the studio audience and then exploded behind the scenes once the show was done.

Producers had to heavily edit the segment to make it presentable to air on TV, but the sponsor was on set for the segment and witnessed it all,” the source explains. (you can read it in its entirety here).

According to production staff, the newspaper continues, Braxton’s outbursts on set were frequent and she regularly blew up at the executive producer and oftentimes her husband, prolific producer Vincent Hubert and/or her co-hosts would have to work to put out the flames.

“Let’s just say she was becoming unbearable to work with,” the source said.

But the move to finally ax Braxton probably came when she took time off of “The Real” to contend on “Dancing with the Stars” that producers realized the show could survive without her.

First off, there was peace on set and, most importantly, the ratings maintained and at times, went up depending on whom was guest co-hosting the show, the source explained.

After Telepictures received a two-year renewal of ‘The Real’ on all Fox stations and on BET where it re-airs, execs reportedly wanted to see what they could do to make the show better for Seasons 3 and 4.

Here came the focus groups.

The research from the focus group was also a major factor in the decision to fire Braxton. She did doesn’t score well with educated women, The Daily Mail reports:

‘The focus group research showed that most educated and working women did not identify with Tamar’s show vernacular and her use of words known to be popular among drag queens and some gay men – phrases like “get your life,” “where they do that at,” “have several seats.”

‘It was even said she seemed more suited to be a judge on RuPaul’s Drag Race on Logo instead of a talk show host on The Real,’ revealed the source.

‘The research went on to say that most educated and working women found her to be ‘ghetto’ and that her aggressive eye-rolling, neck-rolling and the smacking of her mouth were indicative of ‘stereotypical behavior that African American women have worked years to overcome,” the source continued.

The Real’s executive producer used the aforementioned reasons (the focus group findings, on-set insubordination and the sales team issues about advertisers not wanting Braxton in their segments) to convince Warner Bros. to give Braxton the boot!

Vince Herbert, Braxton’s husband and manager, was kept in the dark about these decision to get rid of his wife.

“He knew they were having problems with her and he shielded Tamar from a lot of what was being said and done, but in the end his producer credit on the show was more about vanity and less about control,” the source revealed.

For the record, Warner Bros. wanted to work out an exit agreement with Braxton that wouldn’t make viewers aware she was being fired but before they could hammer out a joint statement and an agreement that was good for both parties, Tamar had already posted that cryptic message on IG about betrayal and an unnamed person who she feels ‘stabbed’ her ‘in the back.’

‘It’s that type of impulsive behavior and lack of self control that is why she is off the show,’ the source said.

About Post Author
Chris Soules has entered a conditional guilty plea regarding the 2017 car crash that left one person dead.

According to court documents obtained by PEOPLE on Tuesday, the Bachelor alum, 37, has “entered a plea of guilty to the crime of: Leaving the Scene of an Accident Resulting in Serious Injury, an aggravated misdemeanor.”

In the documents, the State of Iowa moved to amend the trial information — to charge Soules with leaving the scene of an accident resulting in serious injury — and the Bachelor alum “filed a written guilty plea to the amended charge, conditioned his plea of guilty upon the court’s acceptance of the terms of the parties’ plea agreement.”

But, “if the court rejects the plea agreement, the defendant will be afforded the opportunity to withdraw his guilty plea,” the documents state.

According to his written conditional guilty plea submitted to the Iowa District Court on Tuesday and obtained by PEOPLE, the aggravated misdemeanor charge “carries a maximum penalty of imprisonment of not more than two (2) years and/or by a fine of not more than six thousand two hundred and fifty dollars ($6,250.00) and a minimum penalty of a fine of six hundred twenty-five dollars ($625.00) along with a suspended jail sentence or a deferred judgment.”

He later states that in exchange for his guilty plea, the court “will order a confidential presentence investigation report (PSI) be completed in advance of sentencing and this document will be provided to the State and to me. I also understand that the instant plea to the aggravated misdemeanor will resolve any and all criminal matters, investigations, etc. arising from the accident on April 24, 2017 and no further prosecution or charges will be brought against me. … I understand the court may accept or reject the agreement or defer its decision as to acceptance or rejection until receipt of a PSI.”

His sentencing is set for Jan. 8 at 1:30 p.m.

On April 25, 2017, Soules was arrested and charged with leaving the scene of a car accident that resulted in the death of 66-year-old Vietnam veteran Kenneth E. Mosher.

Geilenfeld Funeral Home

He was arrested in Iowa after he allegedly crashed his truck into a tractor, running it off the road into a ditch. His vehicle was later found at a home that he was present at, and Soules allegedly refused to leave until officers obtained a search warrant several hours later.

RELATED VIDEO: Andi Dorfman on Former ‘Bachelor’ Star Chris Soules After Deadly Car Crash: ‘He’s Hanging in There’

In his written conditional guilty plea, Soules detailed the crash and admitted his wrongdoing to not providing his vehicle’s registration number to police.

“By way of factual basis, I hereby state that on or about April 24, 2017 in Buchanan County, Iowa, I was driving a vehicle that was involved in an accident resulting in serious injury to another person. I knew the accident occurred and knew it resulted in an injury to another person,” wrote Soules. “Though I immediately stopped, called 911 and identified myself, and rendered reasonable aid to the injured person — including requesting an ambulance and administering CPR while the ambulance was en route — I acknowledge I did not provide the registration number of the vehicle I was driving to 911 dispatch or law enforcement as required by Iowa Code 321.263.”

Iowa State Patrol alleged that he fled the scene, violating the Iowa code that states: “If the accident causes the death of a person, all surviving drivers shall remain at the scene of the accident except to seek necessary aid or to report the accident to law enforcement authorities.”

After entering a not guilty plea in May 2017 to the charge, Soules’ legal team filed a motion to dismiss the “failure to remain” charge on constitutional grounds, refuting the last sentence of the Iowa state code.

The attorneys said in court documents obtained by PEOPLE that “because Mr. Soules indisputably stopped his vehicle, returned to the injured driver, contacted law enforcement, provided aid to the injured driver, arranged for medical treatment for the injured driver, remained until emergency personnel responded to the injured party, and provided identification data, the State’s charge must be dismissed.”

Their request to dismiss was denied in January before being brought to the Iowa Supreme Court. In February, multiple outlets reported that an Iowa Supreme Court denied an appeal.
The Carter clan is growing! Beyoncé and Jay Z welcomed twins earlier this week, multiple sources confirm to Us Weekly.

Related: Beyonce’s Best Instagram Style There's never a moment when Queen Bey doesn't look flawless—and that's especially true on her Instagram account! That's where the pop princess gives her fans a peek at her sometimes private, but oh-so-chic street style moments, from a Chanel-pinned Canadian tuxedo to her countless crop tops. (Those abs!) Flip through to see all of Beyonce's most memorable 'Gram styles.

Queen Bey, 35, announced in February that she and the rapper, 47, were expanding their family.

“We would like to share our love and happiness,” Beyoncé captioned an Instagram photo of her bare bump at the time. “We have been blessed two times over. We are incredibly grateful that our family will be growing by two, and we thank you for your well wishes.”

The “Hold Up” singer documented her pregnancy on social media and made several red carpet appearances while expecting. Although she had to pull out of her headlining Coachella appearance, she attended the Grammys, the Beauty and the Beast premiere and the inaugural Wearable Art Gala at the California African American Museum.

Related: Beyonce’s Twin Pregnancy Style: See All of Her Best Maternity Looks See all of Beyonce's best second pregnancy styles in photos since announcing that she and husband Jay Z are expecting twins!

The couple’s new twins join their daughter Blue Ivy, 5. “They have been trying for a long time and now to be blessed with twins they are so over the moon. It’s even better than they wished for,” a source exclusively told Us earlier this year. “Blue is so excited to be a big sister!”

Related: Beyonce Goes Naked After Twins Announcement: Photos Beyonce announced on February 1, 2017, that she was pregnant and expecting twins with her husband, Jay Z — see naked photos of her baring her baby bump

Beyoncé and Jay Z tied the knot in 2008 and recently celebrated their ninth wedding anniversary.

Showbiz 411 was the first to report the twins’ birth.
Harry Styles took to Friday morning to announce the dates for his first solo world tour, Harry Styles Live On Tour. It will begin Sept. 19 in the United States and end in Japan in early December.

All tickets go on sale on Friday, May 5 (excluding Japan) via local ticketing agents. Those sales begin just a week ahead of the debut of Styles’ self-titled debut album, which will be released May 12.

Fan registration for all North American dates has commenced, though supplies are limited. To prevent other vendors from re-selling tickets at higher prices, concert-goers can sign up for Ticketmaster’s Verified Fan program.

Styles began promoting the tour with performances of his new tracks on “Saturday Night Live” and BBC’s “The Graham Norton Show” earlier in April. He will kick off the NBC “Today” Show Summer Concert Series on May 9, followed by a week-long residency on CBS’ “The Late Late Show” with James Corden May 15-18.

See the complete list of dates below:

9/19: San Francisco, CA, The Masonic

9/20: Los Angeles, CA, The Greek Theatre

9/25: Nashville, TN, Ryman Auditorium

9/26: Chicago, IL, The Chicago Theatre

9/28: New York, NY, Radio City Music Hall

9/30: Boston, MA, Wang Theatre

10/1: Washington, D.C., DAR Constitution Hall

10/4: Toronto, ON, Massey Hall

10/5: Upper Darby, PA, Tower Theater

10/8: Atlanta, GA, Roxy

10/10: Irving, TX, The Pavilion at Irving Music Factory

10/11: Austin, TX, ACL Live at The Moody Theater

10/14: Phoenix, AZ, Comerica Theatre

10/25: Paris, France, L’Olympia

10/27: Cologne, Germany, Palladium

10/29: London, U.K., Eventim Apollo

10/30: London, U.K., Eventim Apollo

11/1: Manchester, U.K., O2 Apollo Manchester

11/2: Glasgow, U.K., SEC Armadillo

11/5: Stockholm, Sweden, Fryshuset

11/7: Berlin, Germany, Tempodrome

11/8: Amsterdam, Netherlands, AFAS Live

11/10: Milan, Italy, Alcatraz

11/23: Singapore, The Star Theatre

11/26: Sydney, Australia, Enmore Theatre

11/30: Australia, Melbourne, Forum Theatre

12/2: Auckland, New Zealand, Spark Arena

12/7: Tokyo, Japan, EX Theater

12/8: Tokyo, Japan, EX Theater

It is not currently known which opening acts, if any, will be joining the former One Direction lead singer on tour.

Styles in managed by Jeffrey Azoff of Full Stop Management and booked by CAA.
Oprah and Laura Dern with Ellen DeGeneres. Photo: The Ellen Show

On April 30, 1997, Ellen DeGeneres came out on her eponymous sitcom, Ellen. To celebrate the 20th anniversary of that historic television moment, DeGeneres sat down with Oprah Winfrey, Laura Dern, and cast members from the show to discuss her choice to come out publicly, the backlash she experienced after, and the impact that her decision had on the pop-culture conversation around LGBT issues. DeGeneres even explains that the coming-out episode was titled “The Puppy Episode” because “’Ellen Throws Her Career Away’ seemed a little too on the nose.” Actually, that’s not the real reason for the “Puppy Episode” name, but you can see Ellen’s explanation for it below. In an interview with Oprah after the coming out aired, the comedian said she did so “because it’s okay. Because it is okay,” and, thanks in part to Ellen, that became a little more true in Hollywood.
Drama, drama, drama! Farrah Abraham revealed in a new interview why she walked off the set of the season premiere of Marriage Boot Camp: Reality Stars Family Edition.

Related: Biggest Costar Feuds and Fights Ever! These celebrities can’t stand each other in real life — see the biggest costar feuds ever!

Things got tense on the Friday, April 28, episode when the Teen Mom OG star mentioned her 2010 physical altercation with her now-estranged mother, Debra Danielsen. Danielsen was arrested for the incident after she allegedly choked and hit her then 18-year-old daughter, TMZ reported at the time. She was later charged with assault in an Iowa court.

Abraham walked off the set of the WE tv reality series on Friday night after her mom called the since-dropped charges “bogus” and claimed that Abraham had threatened to kill her.

Related: Teen Mom Stars, Then and Now! It’s been quite a journey for the cast of Teen Mom. The series launched in December 2009 as the first spinoff from MTV’s 16 and Pregnant. The debut season followed the lives of Maci Bookout, Catelynn Lowell, Amber Portwood and Farrah Abraham, who all experienced very different journeys during their teen pregnancies. On season 5, […]

“Why am I raising my voice, why am I arguing and fighting up against somebody who can’t admit to what is really happening and going on in our family history?” the MTV star told E! News. “I get really upset when I’m around liars. I detest people who lie. I can’t stand it.”

Abraham hinted that future episodes of Marriage Boot Camp will also focus on her fight with Danielsen. “There is an episode where we talk about traumatic experiences, my mom and I, and we still cannot get on the same page,” she said. “So, sometimes between lie detector tests and traumatic experiences, there’s just a certain point in time where you’re like, ‘Somebody does not have the wherewithal to take accountability to even remember things,’ and you’re like, ‘Why do I even want to be around them anymore?’ The best narcissists can block things out and act like nothing ever happened to just keep going.”

Related: Stars Who Got Their Start on Reality TV The road to success in Hollywood is a little different for every would-be actor, but these days, reality TV is becoming a major launching pad for some of the industry's biggest stars. Before they were red-carpet regulars, NeNe Leakes, Jennifer Hudson, Julianne Hough and Lucy Hale were among those who broke through as reality stars

Nonetheless, the reality star doesn’t regret sharing her personal life with viewers. “I really believe in sharing my story to improve social behaviors in the nation,” she told E! News. “I think that’s the best way to do it through media. And I’ve made history time and time again with that.”

Marriage Boot Camp: Reality Stars Family Edition airs on WE tv Fridays at 9 p.m. ET.
Car Seat Headrest has sided with the criticisms of popular Netflix teen drama 13 Reasons Why.

The show follows the story of a teenage girl who ultimately takes her own life, using flash backs of bullying and sexual assault. It has drawn criticisms from schools and parents who accuse the show’s makers of ‘glorifying suicide’.

A school in Minnesota recently notified parents of the show, warning that it offers a a problematic depiction of high-school life. New Zealand also created a entirely new rating for 13 Reasons Why which requires that those under 18 are only able to watch the show with a parent or guardian present.

Advertisement

Read more: 13 Reasons Why: five unanswered questions a second season could answer

Car Seat Headrest contributed his song ‘Oh! Starving’ to the soundtrack. Taking to Twitter today (April 30) he also voiced his concerns for the show.

‘as someone who contributed to the soundtrack for “13 Reasons Why”, I am obliged to tell you all that it’s kind of fucked,’ he wrote. ‘writers: please don’t tell kids how to turn their miserable and hopeless lives into a thrilling and cathartic suicide mission. kids: this is not a narrative you need to subscribe to. go watch ‘spring breakers’ instead.’ You can see the full tweets below.

as someone who contributed to the soundtrack for "13 Reasons Why", I am obliged to tell you all that it's kind of fucked — car seat headrest (@carseatheadrest) April 30, 2017

writers: please don't tell kids how to turn their miserable and hopeless lives into a thrilling and cathartic suicide mission — car seat headrest (@carseatheadrest) April 30, 2017

kids: this is not a narrative you need to subscribe to. go watch 'spring breakers' instead — car seat headrest (@carseatheadrest) April 30, 2017

Advertisement

Earlier this week (April 28), executive producer Selena Gomez responded to the criticisms stating: “We stayed very true to the book and that’s initially what [author] Jay Asher created was a beautifully tragic, complicated yet suspenseful story and I think that’s what we wanted to do. We wanted to do it justice and, yeah, [the backlash is] gonna come no matter what. It’s not an easy subject to talk about, but I’m very fortunate with how it’s doing.”

She also told E! News that the controversy could open up a dialogue about teen suicide, adding: “I just wanted it to come across in a way that kids would be frightened, but confused, and in a way that they would talk about it because it’s something that’s happening all the time.”


Since last May, Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest have been co-hosting Live With Kelly and Ryan together. Over the past year, their on-screen chemistry has always been on point during the daily talk show — and that’s because their relationship is strong both on and off the air.

“They get along famously,” a source told E! News of the pair. “Ryan and Kelly have the same work ethic and values. That’s why it works so well.” A source also told Closer Weekly exclusively, that “they are very in sync with each other.” The insider added, “With Ryan, Kelly feels like she’s met her match. She says this has been the best few months she’s had on the show since she joined 16 years ago.”

However, there’s been some struggle with their relationship behind the scenes recently following Ryan’s sexual harassment allegations. According to Page Six, Kelly is worried about how Ryan’s situation could impact their show. “Kelly doesn’t want to risk anything happening to Live. She is understandably livid because it could potentially f - - k up her show,” a source told the news outlet in March.

Another insider added, “They oversell their friendship. Her reputation is rolled up in this — this is her show. For Kelly, there’s not a Plan B. She has to make a decision and rally around him.”

Neither Kelly nor Ryan’s reps have spoken out, but one source noted that their friendship has made this whole thing very difficult. “He’s one of her closest friends, and they’re very protective of each other. They’ve known each other for years and talk about everything. It’s been a tough week,” the insider said.

But don’t worry, they won’t let this get in the way of their talk show. “Working day-to-day has been a learning and growing experience for both of them,” a source told Closer. Another insider told E! News, “Kelly and Ryan have open and transparent conversations. There will be no surprises. They are partners.” Phew!
Kelly Ripa offered co-host Ryan Seacrest some support ahead of the Oscars on “Live with Kelly and Ryan” Thursday.

Ripa told Seacrest that he is a “privilege to work with,” but didn’t explicitly mention the harassment accusations that he’s facing.

“I just want you to know that you are a privilege to work with, and I adore you. And I am speaking on behalf of all us here,” she said. “I know what an easy, professional, great person you are and I feel very, very lucky to work with you each and every day. We all do.”

“You are happiness,” Seacrest said back to her.

“You are happiness,” Ripa echoed. “You are happiness wrapped in chocolate, so there.”

After E! News’ investigation into the harassment accusations found “insufficient evidence,” Seacrest was back in the news this week when Suzie Hardy revealed previously unknown details of the allaged harassment on Monday.

E! has stood by the results of its investigation, and Seacrest has continued to deny the claims. Hardy said on Tuesday that the idea Seacrest was absolved of wrongdoing was a “false narrative.”

Watch the clip below.
Cara Kelly

USA TODAY

NEW YORK — Rei Kawakubo skittered up the stairs of the Metropolitan Museum of Art Monday night, only faintly glancing at the photographers and reporters chanting her name from the sides of the red, or rather, blue carpet. A stranger to the scene would have hardly known she was an important guest at the A-list circus that is the annual Costume Institute Gala, let alone the star of the whole show.

The reclusive designer, who founded label Comme des Garçons in 1969, is the focus of the museum’s latest exhibit and a rare bird in an industry full of peacocks. She scarcely gives interviews, doesn’t have personal social media accounts and won’t measure her success on praise from others.

Her designs speak for themselves. And in that way, her ethos was the unifier of a disparate and relatively quiet blue carpet.

Guests to the yearly fundraiser held in honor of the exhibit are encouraged to channel the subject of the new showcase, which typically happens with varying degrees of success. The attendees who best hit Monday's theme — channeling Kawakubo through her own creations or by working with another designer in attendance — made their way up the steps of the Met without much fuss. Helen Lasichanh, the wife of co-host Pharrell Williams, hit the carpet early in a look from one of Kawakubo’s most recent collections which experimented with silhouettes and bound the body without armholes. Like Kawakubo, she barely spoke to waiting reporters, because when wearing an outfit like that, what’s left to say?

Pharrell, also in pieces from the designer, focused on his love of the brand when speaking with reporters.

"What I feel is lucky and blessed to be able to do it, because its one of my heros," he said of co-hosting the night. "Rei Kawakubo is the best of the best. Comme des Garçons is one of my favorite brands."

Rihanna climbed towards the Met entrance in another bulbous Comme des Garçons creation, and like Lasichanh, let what she was wearing do the communicating. Fans screamed but the Barbadian singer and fashionista kept mostly silent behind the blossoming, 3-D petals.

Black-ish’s Tracee Ellis Ross demurely acknowledged her cocoon-dress was also made by Comme des Garçons before striding inside, no time for interviews, her wrangler told waiting reporters.

Katy Perry solemnly processed in a straight line to the museum's door, dragging her lengthy red Maison Margiela train and veil behind her.

Others likewise had success channeling the avant-garde dress code without wearing the band tee-shirt to the concert. Priyanka Chopra and Ralph Lauren had a clever play on Kawakubo's legacy.

"Everything that comes out of her is so androgynous and has no lines as far as gender, and this was sort of that," Chopra said. "A trench gown."

Others were at least drawn out of their comfort zones. Claire Foy in Erdem, Candice Swanepoel in Topshop and Kate Bosworth in Tory Burch were among the many guests to say their ensembles for the evening were the most over-the-top they'd ever worn.

But if their choices spoke for themselves, so too did the starlets whose clothes alluded to the fact that they missed the entire concept.

“I work around the figure, but I am never limited by what the figure has to be,” Kawakubo says in the guide to her exhibition.

So what would she think of the now-exhausted naked dress trend that showed up again on the likes of Kendall Jenner? One can only imagine she’d find the unfaltering obsession with figure-baring outfits to be limiting. Lingerie brand La Perla was behind the thin slip of a garment and black thong — in what could be called a poorly planned marketing splash, though the reality TV star’s Instagram followers likely ate it up.

And therein lies a central reason to what makes Kawakubo's exhibit so refreshing. In the age of President Trump and constant self-promotion and validation on social media, a strong voice that's focused on what's new and never seen before is a mythical thing.
Though The 100‘s Octavia will probably always remain a fan favorite, Marie Avgeropoulos knows that her character’s latest turn has stirred up “a lot of backlash” from viewers this season.

“I was given a heads-up from [showrunner] Jason Rothenberg that this was going to be a challenging season for me as an actress, and he was definitely right about that,” Avgeropoulos tells TVLine. “But it’s also been very rewarding. Octavia always changing. She’s not a hero, she’s not a villain — she’s a wild card.”

Avgeropoulos says it’s important to remember that Octavia’s evolution into the Red Queen “wasn’t instantaneous. It was a slow burn that took place over six challenging, painful years.”

“Towards the end of the season, there’s one of my favorites episodes called ‘The Dark Years’ which gives Octavia some emotional redemption,” she teases. “I’m excited for fans to see what happened in those six years during the time jump. They’ll find out more of who Bloodraina really is and how she became that way. It wasn’t easy for her. She lost her innocence and a part of herself.”

Here’s hoping that redemption arc also helps the Blake siblings find peace. Avgeropoulos correctly notes that “Octavia and Bellamy have become incredibly different people. It also doesn’t help that Octavia is starting to see him as an obstacle in her overall game plan — a potential enemy of Wonkru.”

Speaking of Octavia’s enemies, we can also look forward to her impending confrontation with Echo when the two formally reunite tonight (The CW, 9/8c). “I’m pretty sure Echo — the woman who stabbed her and pushed her off a cliff — is the last person on Earth that Octavia would want to have as a sister-in-law,” she says.

Your thoughts on Octavia’s new persona? Drop ’em in a comment below.
In the seven months since his abrupt separation from wife Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt has kept a low profile. It all changed this week when his first interview post the split appeared in GQ. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie separated in September 2016.

Pitt had been accused of beating his 15-year-old son Maddox on a plane in September, which prompted Jolie to file for divorce. The FBI and Child Services investigated him for child abuse. He was romantically linked to his Allied co-star Marion Cotillard, which she immediately denied.

Stay tuned with breaking news on HT Channel on Facebook. Join Now

The GQ spread, apart from the interview, includes a massive 8-day photoshoot of Pitt, 53, “tumbling through” three national parks, and a music video.

But according to the BBC, it was all a planned move by Pitt to correct his faltering image. In the interview, the actor admitted to having an alcohol problem, and how it might have caused the problems in his life. He said he is undergoing therapy and is on a road to recovery after coming to terms with the “self-inflicted” situation he’s in.

But instead of being called out for his behaviour, which, by his own admission is the reason his family was jarringly “ripped apart” the Internet has sided with him.

An article titled “Why Brad Pitt won the Jolie-Pitt war by throwing himself on his sword” published on E! said, “Throwing caution to the wind - and simultaneously capitalizing on 30 years of goodwill built up in Hollywood - Brad went for it, translating what he’s gleaned from his newfound love of therapy into a painfully self-aware, self-deprecating, oft-poetic and at times rambling discourse on a charmed life that veered off course and what he’s doing to right the ship.”

Vanity Fair said, “Pitt clearly studied the lay-it-all-bare, heart-on-my-sleeve, owning-my-flaws interview section of the post-celebrity-divorce playbook. Learning from his tumultuous year is a theme of the talk, especially regarding the divorce, which is still under way. He comes across candid, remorseful, and keen to let the world know that he’s doing a lot of work on himself.”

And Huffington Post completes the trifecta of acceptance: “People like (Brad) do so much to give a face to the addiction crisis that claims so many lives. Thank you for your honesty, your courage, and your willingness to open up about your recovery.”

The BBC quotes PR guru Mark Borkowski as saying that Pitt would have “Total copy approval, total picture approval, total headline approval,” on the interview.

“But of course the timing is calculated,” Borkowski continues. “The language is calculated. Everything is calculated. And everything is a gamble.”

“A lot of people prefer to stay before the waterline and not do it. He’s taken a massive risk and I can think of many who just wouldn’t go this far.”

Follow @htshowbiz for more
Janet Jackson called the police asking for a welfare check on her 1-year-old son, Eissa Al Mana, who was in the care of his father at the time. A watch commander with the Malibu County Sheriff's Office told ET that Jackson called shortly before 10 p.m. on Sunday and asked them to check on Jackson's son, who was staying with his father at the Nobu Hotel. The baby's father is billionaire Wissam Al Mana, Jackson's estranged husband.

Jackson's brother, Randy Jackson, told ET that Janet called 911 after a nanny told her that she was frightened by Wissam's behavior, which she thought was aggressive. Randy said that the nanny was so scared she locked herself in a bathroom so she could call the singer.

Janet Jackson and Wissam Al Mana married in 2012. They had their son on Jan. 2, 2017 and broke up three months later. They said they would be co-parenting their child.

Jackson announced in 2016 that she was delaying her "Unbreakable" tour to plan a family with her husband. The singer, who was 49 at the time, said, "My husband and I are planning our family, so I'm going to have to delay the tour. Please, if you can, try to understand that it's important that I do this now. I have to rest up; doctor's orders. But I have not forgotten about you."

In November, a source told ET that the couple were committed to parenting together, but had no plans of reconciliation.

"All Janet wants to do is move forward and be the best mother to her son and to be happy," the source added at the time.
It's official! Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski aren't just "Morning Joe" co-hosts anymore — they're also husband and wife.

A spokesperson for the duo confirmed the happy news to TODAY.

The small event took place in Washington, at an especially fitting location for the former congressman and Brzezinski — the National Archives, with the Constitution, the Bill of Rights and the Declaration of Independence serving as a backdrop to the ceremony.

The pair's "Morning Joe" pal — and our very own Sunday TODAY anchor — Willie Geist wasn't able to attend (due to some "very early morning television" the next day), but he spoke about the wedding on the show Monday.

"Joe and Mika are off today and this week. Why, you ask? They had a very busy weekend," he stated early in the broadcast, before sharing a few details with viewers. "Joe and Mika were surrounded by all of their children, which made it very special for them."

In addition to Scarborough's four kids and her two, all from previous marriages, family from both sides and a small group of close friends gathered together to witness their union.

The couple exchanged vows at the National Archives. Miller Hawkins

"We wanted it to be really small and simple and not what you expected from Mika and Joe," the bride, who wore a white midi-length dress covered in a sheer polka-dot lace, told Vanity Fair Saturday. "Everything we do is exposed, and everything felt exposed every step of the way, so we want this to be private until it’s over. We wanted to recognize it more quietly and have the people who are most important to us around us."

Keeping the guest list short was just one way they assured the event would remain a secret ahead of time. They shared with the publication that the invitations were extended via phone calls rather than hard copies, the reservations were made under the name of a friend and the Thanksgiving weekend date was selected for the rare hubbub-free time it brings to Washington.

Scarborough added, "We made the decision a year ago to dramatically change our lives and have a low-key existence. The more time we can spend with our family, the happier we are."

And they were clearly happy on Saturday — as were those in attendance.

Scarborough's former House colleague, Rep. Elijah Cummings, officiated the wedding, and he later tweeted that "it was a pleasure" to do so.

Congratulations to Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough! It was a pleasure to officiate your beautiful wedding. I wish you years of love and happiness together! — Elijah E. Cummings (@RepCummings) November 25, 2018

Shortly after the nuptials, rather than sharing a wedding pic, Brzezinski took to Instagram with a photo of her holding a small amphibian and puckering up.

In the caption, she simply wrote, "I kissed the frog."

This marriage marks the third for Scarborough, 55, and second for Brzezinski, 51. They've worked side-by-side on "Morning Joe" for more than 11 years and announced their engagement last spring.
For the first time since human gummy bear Miley Cyrus and youngest Hemsworth, Liam, reunited earlier this year, The Voice coach has confirmed that they are, in fact, engaged again.

Cyrus and Hemsworth first began dating in 2009 while shooting the film adaptation of Nicholas Sparks’ teen love drama The Last Song. The pair became engaged in 2012 before calling off the engagement in 2013. After quietly resuming their relationship earlier this year, Cyrus raised a few eyebrows when she posted a photo to Instagram in which she’s wearing her old engagement ring.

Given her history of provocative social media posts, no one could quite be sure if the return of the ring was an indication of their on-again engagement or if she just happened to think the accessory worked with her strawberry-inspired outfit of the day.

A photo posted by Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) on Jan 18, 2016 at 7:07am PST

However, during an interview on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on Thursday afternoon, an overall-wearing Cyrus confirmed to DeGeneres that the pair are once again engaged.

The talk-show host congratulated the 23-year-old, to which Cyrus replied, “It’s very weird because this is, like, real jewelry, and most of my jewelry is made out of gummy bears and cotton candy. They don’t look that good together because they kind of mix up.”

She continued, in the way only Miley can, “Sometimes I replace it with an actual unicorn or a Looney Tune, and he’s kind of like, What’s going on?’ And I’m like, ‘This isn’t really my aesthetic, but I’ll wear it because you love me.'”
The season finale of NBC‘s revival of “Will & Grace” failed to see any lift over last week’s numbers in the Nielsen overnight ratings.

Airing at 9 p.m., “Will & Grace” averaged a 0.9 rating in adults 18-49 and 3.6 million viewers, even with its season low in the demo that it hit last week and down slightly from the season low in total viewers from last week, 3.7 million. The first season of the revived series averaged a 1.5 and 5.5 million viewers, with NBC having already renewed the show for a second and third season.

Earlier on NBC, “Superstore” (0.8, 3.2 million) was even, while “AP Bio” (0.6, 2.3 million) ticked up in viewers. After “Will & Grace,” “Champions” (0.5, 1.95 million) was even, as was “Chicago Fire” (1.0, 5.4 million).

“Grey’s Anatomy” (1.6, 6.8 million) held steady on ABC, while “Station 19” (1.0, 5.1 million) hit a new low. “Scandal” (0.9, 3.9 million) ticked up in the demo.

On CBS, “Big Bang Theory” (2.3, 12.7 million) and “Young Sheldon” (1.9, 11.6 million) were steady and were also the top shows of the night in both measures. “Mom” (1.4, 8.5 million), “Life in Pieces” (0.9, 6.2 million), and “SWAT” (0.8, 5.1 million) were all even.

For Fox, “Gotham” (0.7, 2.5 million) was even, and “Showtime at the Apollo” (0.6, 2.7 million) ticked up in viewers.

On The CW, “Supernatural” (0.6, 1.9 million) was down from last week, while “Arrow” (0.4, 1.4 million) was up in viewers.

CBS led the night with a 1.3 rating and 8.2 million viewers. ABC was second with a 1.2 and 5.2 million viewers. NBC was third with a 0.8 and 3.6 million. Fox was fourth with a 0.7 and 2.6 million. The CW averaged a 0.5 and 1.6 million.
Payback! Kim Kardashian, Khloé Kardashian and Kris Jenner team up against Scott Disick in a sneak peek from the Sunday, May 14, episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians.

Related: 15 Times Scott Disick Was the Best Part of ‘KUWTK’ See 15 times Scott Disick was the best part of ‘Keeping Up With the Kardashians'!

In the previous “To Be Continued” episode, the Kardashians discovered that Disick, 33, had invited a girl named Chelsea along on the family trip to Costa Rica. During a group dinner, Kim, 36, and Khloé, 32, started talking about Chelsea Handler and Chelsea Clinton in an attempt to get Disick to admit to his actions. When that didn’t work, Jenner, 61, asked point blank: “I think what we’re all wondering is if you have a girl here and why?”

Related: Kourtney Kardashian's Body Evolution From Keeping Up With the Kardashians to the red carpet, Kourtney Kardashian's look has changed over the years — see her body evolution!

In the preview, it appears the self-proclaimed Lord owns up to bringing Chelsea along on the tropical getaway. “I did something wrong as always,” he says. It seems Kim, Khloé and Jenner don’t accept his apology**, because they all throw water on Disick and completely douse him.

Related: The Cutest Kardashian Kids Moments Ever! Kim, Rob and Kourtney Kardashian have the cutest kids — see photos of cousins North and Saint West, Dream Kardashian and Mason, Penelope and Reign Disick!

As Kourtney Kardashian — who shares kids Mason, 7, Penelope, 4, and Reign, 2, with Disick — drives off in a golf cart with her sisters, she says, “That actually made me feel better.”

Back in February, Us Weekly reported that Disick left Costa Rica a day early after the blowout fight. “The family is deeply disappointed,” a source told Us at the time. “Kourtney is not upset that he’s seeing other women. She’s upset he would disrupt the family vacation with the kids there and the whole family there and hide a girl in the hotel.”

Keeping Up With the Kardashians airs on E! Sundays at 9 p.m. ET.
Robert Wilson, legendary TV producer and father to actors Luke Wilson and Owen Wilson, died on Friday. He was 75.

Luke confirmed the news to the Dallas Morning News just ahead of the weekend. He also told the Texas paper that his dad had spent the last few years battling Alzheimer’s disease, suggesting a cause of death.

While his sons are both household names, Robert was a successful TV icon himself. Not only did he help launch Jim Lehrer’s career with “Newsroom” through local, public affiliate KERA in 1968 — Lehrer famously hosted PBS’ “NewsHour” from 1975-2011 — he was also responsible for bringing “Monty Python’s Flying Circus” to American television screens.

Owen even once attributed his comedy stylings to his father while promoting “Midnight in Paris” in 2011. “He worked with these great creative people with great senses of humor and I remember being at dinner and just hearing Dad’s friends talk,” he said. “I think that was for me and my brothers a big influence on what was funny.”

Robert’s declining health became noticeable that same year when he was unable to attend KERA’s 50th anniversary celebration.

Luke, Owen, and brother Andrew add that anyone wishing to pay their respects can do so by making a donation to PBS.
Photo: Netflix

Yes, there are spoilers below about Stranger Things and Stranger Things 2. If you haven’t watched yet and want to remain spoiler-free, please keep that in mind.

Stranger Things was an instant sensation when it debuted on Netflix last year. Its potent blend of frights, ’80s nostalgia, and the revival of Winona Ryder’s career made it a hit with fans and critics alike. But there was one thing that Stranger Things fans loved above all else: Barb.

In season one, Barbara Holland was Nancy Wheeler’s best friend, the nerdy high-schooler clad in Sally Jesse Raphael’s glasses and a puffy, ridiculously cerulean parka. Barb was quiet but loyal, awkward but fabulous, forgotten by Hawkins, Indiana but remembered by the entire audience. She was so great, in fact, actress Shannon Purser nabbed an Emmy nomination for the part. Sadly, Barb was also one of the demogorgon’s first victims. While everyone raced ahead to rescue Will Byers from the Upside Down, Stranger Things treated Barb’s death with the sort of shrug normally reserved for dropping a coin down a storm drain or losing a half-broken umbrella. She was last seen in the Upside Down, with a gross slug monster crawling out of her corpse, and that appeared to be that.

Now, with Stranger Things 2 set to dominate TV marathons this weekend and beyond, one question looms large: Will we finally get justice for Barb?

The second season opens with Nancy (Natalia Dyer) furious that no one really knows what happened to her friend. The trench coats at the Department of Energy stashed Barb’s car at a bus station, so everyone in Hawkins thinks that she skipped town because teens kept mocking her proto-normcore fashion sense. “It’s like everyone forgot, and no one cares,” Nancy tells her boyfriend, Steve (Joe Keery). “Except her parents … and it’s destroying them.”

Cut to the Holland residence, where Nancy and Steve suffer through an excruciatingly sad dinner of KFC with Barb’s parents as penance for knowing what really happened but not being able to tell them. Mr. and Mrs. Holland believe their daughter is still out there, and they’re selling their house to pay a shady investigative journalist to track her down. Understandably, Nancy reacts to this news by getting wasted at a house party and slurring to Steve, “You’re pretending like everything’s okay. Like we didn’t kill Barb. Like we’re partying. We’re partying.”

The funny thing about Stranger Things 2 is that it basically mimics the format of Stranger Things original recipe. Will (Noah Schnapp) is in danger again. Both seasons feature a new girl wreaking havoc with the group dynamic of Mike (Finn Wolfhard), Dustin (Gaten Matarazzo), Lucas (Caleb McLaughlin). Will’s mother Joyce Byers (Winona Ryder) once again goes from a well-coiffed cashier to someone with the hair of a Times Square Elmo. And just like last time, Nancy has to leave Steve and join up with Will’s brother Jonathan (Charlie Heaton) in order to find Barb.

Soon enough, Nancy learns that the “journalist” is a conspiracy-theory nut named Murray Bauman (Brett Gelman), who believes that Barb tried to help the “Russian girl” who was seen around town — a.k.a. Eleven. His working theory is that Barb was killed because she knew too much. So, in a pretty ingenuous move, Nancy and Jonathan get themselves captured by the feds and taken to Hawkins Lab, where they meet Dr. Owens (Paul Reisder) and record him admitting what really happened to Barb. Then they take the tape to Murray in hopes of exposing the truth to the wider public.

When they arrive at Murray’s bunker, he has a wall dedicated to his Barb investigation and all of his “evidence” is connected with red strings. (He’s basically like Carrie Mathison when she goes off her medicine, but I looked at that wall and thought, “Same,” because that is what my apartment looked like in the middle of my Barb fever too.) Nancy tells Murray that he has everything wrong about Barb and fills him in on the truth about the Upside Down. After he hears the tape of Dr. Owens, they come up with a plan to water down the story so that the press will actually report it. Then, for several episodes, Stranger Things yet again forgets about Barb while Nancy and Jonathan hook up, Eleven goes to Chicago to turn herself into Jessica Alba from Dark Angel, Steve reveals the secret to his pompadour come mullet, and everyone fights a bunch of devil dogs (a much better name than “demodogs,” in my humble opinion).

With all of those non-Barb objectives complete, our heroine finally gets a funeral after the Department of Energy admits culpability in her death, claiming that she was poisoned and they conspired to cover it up. Presumably, Barb’s parents got a nice settlement and Murray got paid, which is kind of ridiculous because Nancy and Jonathan did all the hard work. (All he did was lie around his nasty apartment, listening to jazz and drinking watered-down Stoli. Shouldn’t the teens get a cut too?)

In the end, Barb is still dead and now everyone knows it, but they think that she was a mere victim of government malfeasance rather than the prey of an interdimensional alien that stalked her after her Nancy bailed to have sex with Steve. She gets some photos placed at the center of some nice bouquets during her funeral, but that’s about it. She’ll probably be forgotten again by the time Stranger Things 3 comes around.

Clearly, this is not what true justice looks like. Justice for Barb would be if someone actually appreciated her. If someone saw Barb for who she was and said, “She was great and she deserved better.” Nancy is grappling with a lot of difficult emotions in Stranger Things 2, and she does the admirable thing by helping the Hollands find closure, but she’s mostly just driven by a need to assuage her own guilt. That’s not justice as much as it is penance.

Get all your Stranger Things 2 questions answered at the show’s Vulture Festival LA panel on November 18! Tickets available here.
The 2018 CMT Music Awards show promises to be one of the most genre-bending ceremonies to date with at least eight collaborative videos featuring pop artists, R&B legends, Americana favorites and more making the final nominees list.

Little Big Town will host the event live from Nashville on June 6 at 8 p.m. ET. Jason Aldean, Florida Georgia Line and Carrie Underwood lead the nominees with four nominations each.

Voting to determine the winners in each category is underway at CMT.com through 12:01 a.m. ET on June 4. The top five video of the year finalists will be announced the morning of the show, and fans will be able to vote for their favorites in the category all day and throughout the special via Twitter.

Underwood is the record-holder for the most CMT Music Award wins with 17 trophies. The video for her Ludacris collaboration, “The Champion,” is nominated in three categories including the night’s top honor of video the year, and she shares a nod for CMT performance of the year with Keith Urban for “The Fighter” from the 2017 CMT Music Awards.

Florida Georgia Line and Bebe Rexha share nominations for video and collaborative video of the year for "Meant to Be," while the Brian Kelley-co-directed “Smooth” video is up for duo video, and “Everybody” from FGL's CMT Crossroads with the Backstreet Boys is nominated for CMT performance of the year. Aldean’s four nominations are also in the video, male video and CMT performance of the year categories.

Following Aldean, FGL and Underwood with three nominations each are Little Big Town, Chris Stapleton, Lauren Alaina and Thomas Rhett.

Additionally, the 2018 nominations mark the first time pop musicians Rexha, Ludacris and Justin Timberlake are recognized in the video of the year category along with videos from Rhett, Blake Shelton, Brett Young, Brothers Osborne, Dan + Shay, Kane Brown featuring Alaina, Kelsea Ballerini and Luke Combs.

Andra Day, Backstreet Boys, Carly Pearce, Common, Derek Trucks, Devin Dawson, High Valley, LANco, Russell Dickerson, Walker Hayes and Earth, Wind & Fire are also among the CMT Music Awards’ first-time nominees.

Ballerini helped announce the nominees in three categories during Tuesday’s (May 8) Today show on NBC. Other categories were announced by the Associated Press.

Join the conversation by following @CMT on Twitter and Instagram, using hashtag #CMTawards and liking the CMT Music Awards on Facebook.

Here is a complete list of nominees for the 2018 CMT Music Awards.

Video of the Year

Best video of the year; awarded to the artist (male, female, group/duo or collaboration) and the video director. Final nominees announced the morning of the show, with final voting held on Twitter during the live telecast.

Bebe Rexha feat. Florida Georgia Line, “Meant To Be”

Blake Shelton, “I’ll Name The Dogs”

Brett Young, “Mercy”

Brothers Osborne, “It Ain’t My Fault”

Carrie Underwood feat. Ludacris, “The Champion”

Dan + Shay, “Tequila”

Jason Aldean, “You Make It Easy”

Justin Timberlake feat. Chris Stapleton, “Say Something”

Kane Brown feat. Lauren Alaina, “What Ifs”

Kelsea Ballerini, “Legends”

Luke Combs, “When It Rains It Pours”

Thomas Rhett, “Marry Me”

Male Video of the Year

Best video by a male artist; awarded to the artist

Blake Shelton, “I’ll Name The Dogs”

Dustin Lynch, “Small Town Boy”

Jason Aldean, “You Make It Easy”

Jon Pardi, “Heartache On The Dance Floor”

Luke Bryan, “Light It Up”

Thomas Rhett, “Marry Me”

Female Video of the Year

Best video by a female artist; awarded to the artist

Carly Pearce, “Every Little Thing”

Carrie Underwood feat. Ludacris, “The Champion”

Kelsea Ballerini, “Legends”

Lauren Alaina, “Doin’ Fine”

Maren Morris, “I Could Use A Love Song”

Miranda Lambert, “Tin Man” From 2017 ACM Awards

Duo Video of the Year

Best video by a duo; awarded to the artists

Big & Rich, “California”

Brothers Osborne, “It Ain’t My Fault”

Dan + Shay, “Tequila”

Florida Georgia Line, “Smooth”

High Valley, “She’s With Me”

Tim McGraw & Faith Hill, “Speak To A Girl”

Group Video of the Year

Best video by a group; awarded to the artists

Lady Antebellum, “You Look Good”

LANco, “Greatest Love Story”

Little Big Town, “When Someone Stops Loving You”

Midland, “Make A Little”

Old Dominion, “No Such Thing As A Broken Heart”

Rascal Flatts, “Yours If You Want It”

Zac Brown Band, “My Old Man”

Breakthrough Video of the Year

Best video from an artist's major breakthrough album; awarded to the artist (male, female or group/duo)

Carly Pearce, “Every Little Thing”

Danielle Bradbery, “Sway”

Devin Dawson, “All On Me”

LANco, “Greatest Love Story”

Russell Dickerson, “Yours”

Walker Hayes, “You Broke Up With Me”

Collaborative Video of the Year

Best video from a collaboration; awarded to the artists

Bebe Rexha feat. Florida Georgia Line, “Meant To Be”

Carrie Underwood feat. Ludacris, “The Champion”

Cole Swindell feat. Dierks Bentley, “Flatliner”

Justin Timberlake feat. Chris Stapleton, “Say Something”

Kane Brown feat. Lauren Alaina, “What Ifs”

Thomas Rhett feat. Maren Morris, “Craving You”

CMT Performance of the Year

Musical performance on a television show, series or variety special on CMT; awarded to the artist (individual, group or duo)

Andra Day, Common, Little Big Town, Lee Ann Womack and Danielle Bradbery, “Stand Up For Something” (From 2017 CMT Artists of the Year)

Backstreet Boys and Florida Georgia Line, “Everybody” (From CMT Crossroads)

Charles Kelley, Jason Aldean, Darius Rucker and Derek Trucks, “Midnight Rider” (From 2017 CMT Music Awards)

Earth, Wind & Fire and Lady Antebellum, “September” (From CMT Crossroads)

Jason Aldean, Keith Urban, Chris Stapleton and Little Big Town, “I Won't Back Down” (From 2017 CMT Artists of the Year)
ABC has renewed “Modern Family” for two more seasons of 22 episodes each, TheWrap has learned.

The hit family comedy has officially been renewed through Season 10, which will air in the 2018-19 season. The order will bring the series to a staggering total of 232 episodes.

The news comes after months of negotiations between the network, producers 20th Century Fox Television and the cast, whose previous deals expired at the end of Season 8, though a renewal was likely always in the cards given the show’s success in the ratings.

“Modern Family has been the centerpiece of our comedy brand for eight seasons and we are thrilled to have it on our schedule for two more years. Steve and Chris have created such endearing characters, and the cast is second-to-none,” said ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey in a statement.

“We are beyond thrilled that we get to spend more time with these characters, these amazing actors, our ridiculously-talented writers and our incredible crew – all of whom are like family to us. And the good kind of family, not the kind that argues with you all the time,” added co-creator and executive producer Steve Levitan.

“Modern Family” joins the Shondaland dramas “Grey’s Anatomy,” “Scandal” and “How to Get Away With Murder” and the long-running comedy “The Middle” as the five ABC shows already renewed. The Kerry Washington-led “Scandal” is reportedly set to end after the conclusion of its seventh season next year.

The news comes as the broadcast networks begin to finalize their fall programming slates ahead of the upfront presentations next week. ABC also recently announced that it will revive the Fox reality singing competition series “American Idol” next season.
Time for your regular reminder that over the next four days, I’ll be giving my quick reactions to the trailers presented to advertisers in New York City. These aren’t formal reviews. How could they be? I haven’t seen the darned shows. They’re just gut responses to sales pitches. If advertisers can pony up billions based on these clips, I can tell you if they’re good or bad. My annual Take Me to the Pilots series will begin in a month and then real reviews will start in September. It’s a marathon, not a sprint.

One day after CBS took advertisers back to the ‘80s with shiny new versions of Murphy Brown and Magnum P.I., The CW closed out broadcast TV’s upfronts week with another healthy dose of nostalgia.

Expanding to six nights of original programming in the fall, the network presented a schedule with five new shows premiering between fall and midseason, two of which — Charmed and Roswell, New Mexico — will induce young adult soap opera flashbacks. Another of the shows, Legacies, didn’t have any footage to show yet, but as a spinoff of The Originals (itself a spinoff of The Vampire Diaries), it also brings a measure of familiarity.

Without further ado, let’s get to The CW’s trailer rankings.

4) In the Dark | I don’t pay as much attention to development as I used to, so I hadn’t heard a word about In the Dark. I have to admit that my first instinct after seeing the ridiculous poster for this dramedy was to think it was a parody show. A parody of what? For what? I have no idea. I didn’t get that far. And my first instinct after watching the first half of the trailer was to think that this had to be some sort of hastily made filler programming for CW Seed. It was only when I saw John From Cincinnati himself (Austin Nichols, who is no longer on the show) in the trailer that I began to realize that this story of a sex-addicted blind misanthrope attempting to solve a murder with the help of her nosey support dog Pretzel was a real series that will air on real television. I’m still not completely convinced. The trailer was tonally muddled, extremely cheap-looking and made me giggle in several totally inappropriate places. Pretzel looks like a very good dog, though. Good dog, Pretzel!

3) Charmed | I was not a Charmed viewer. I must have watched two full episodes ever. The only time I’m aware of the show is when I watch basketball at night on TNT and there’s a repeat of Charmed on the next morning. I’ll probably watch more episodes of this remake, which pushed its female empowerment message hard in its first trailer. Jennie Snyder Urman’s Jane the Virgin track record has definitely bought this one a few extra hours from me, though I wish more of Urman’s sense of humor was pushed to the forefront, because that’s what I’ll be watching and hoping for. I think stars Melonie Diaz, Sarah Jeffery and Madeleine Mantock all seem OK, though the magical effects look mighty middling.

2) Roswell, New Mexico | Wasn’t this one supposed to come with some sort of immigration subtext? I was looking forward to that. The trailer eschewed that angle, if it still exists, in favor of sudsy supernatural romance. As it should. It’s a sales pitch and not one aimed at me. I’m a Jeanine Mason fan dating back to her run on So You Think You Can Dance and her small part on Bunheads, so I’m definitely the target demo for her debut as a TV lead (assuming you forget the ABC sword-and-sandals epic she did a couple years back and her brief stint on Grey’s Anatomy this season). As with Charmed, I’d love to have seen a shade more humor in a trailer that is very, very, very earnest. Other than a little Southwestern ambiance, this trailer looked interchangeable with The CW’s very short-lived Star-Crossed from a couple years ago, and I refuse to exist that all alien-human love stories are identical!

1) All American | This is one of the best-cut trailers I’ve seen all upfronts week, perhaps the best. I’m pumped enough for this show that I’m going to get over my punctuation anxiety that makes me desperately want to add a hyphen. Unlike In the Dark — still not convinced it’s a real show — I’d heard about this one, but I hadn’t fully realized how completely it’s The O.C. only with football. Watch the trailer again. It’s so nearly a beat-for-beat remake that Josh Schwartz should be getting a tiny slice of residuals, right down to the rich kids’ bacchanal party and somebody sneering “Welcome to…” (in this case “Beverly Hills”) to our main character. Plus, Taye Diggs as Peter Gallagher! Yes, the mustache-twirling racism of the adversarial white characters looks over-the-top, but I appreciated the one joke undercutting gang stereotyping. This looks fun, emotional, corny and inspirational in equal measures and I am there for it! Or at least now I’m excited to watch a full pilot.

Check back in around a month for the start of my annual Take Me To The Pilots series.
Perhaps we’ll see them get back together, after all: ABC has renewed Splitting Up Together for a second season.

Series star Jenna Fischer announced the news in an Instagram Story on Friday:

The series, which debuted on March 27, tells the story of Lena (The Office‘s Fischer) and Martin (Rules of Engagement‘s Oliver Hudson), longtime marrieds who call it quits, but continue living under one roof to coparent their three children; Diane Farr (Numb3rs), Bobby Lee (Love) and Lindsay Price (Lipstick Jungle) co-star.

Splitting Up got off to a promising start, ratings wise (7.2 mil/2.1), thanks in part to the Roseanne premiere’s boffo numbers, which had a halo effect on the rest of ABC’s Tuesday comedy block. Its most recent episode netted 3.5 mil/1.0.

This marks ABC’s fifth comedy renewal for the 2018-19 season, following pickups for Modern Family, Speechless, The Goldbergs and Roseanne. Still awaiting word on their fate are Alex, Inc., American Housewife, black-ish and Fresh Off the Boat.

Splitting Up Together wraps its freshman run on Tuesday, May 22. Your thoughts on the renewal?
Tituss Burgess delivered one of ET's Standout Performances of the 2017-18 season.

For four seasons (and a possible movie), Tituss Burgess has embodied Titus Andromedon, the unapologetically loud and proud roommate to Kimmy Schmidt (Ellie Kemper) on Netflix’s Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. He’s flamboyant. He’s verbose. He’s nothing short of snarky. He’s a struggling actor -- rather, an “undercover superstar” -- who has a tendency to get in the way of his own success. He emotes through Beyonce, hiding nothing from his friend Kimmy, landlord Lillian (Carol Kane), agent Jacqueline White (Jane Krakowski) or ex-lover Mikey (Mike Carlsen).

“Playing him is exhausting,” Burgess tells ET by phone. It’s the day of the Royal Wedding, but the actor is as far removed from the day’s festivities -- he’s traveling to Washington, D.C., where he’s set to perform at the 2018 WNO Opera Gala Concert the next day -- as he is from his onscreen persona. “I don't live in that space. My energy hovers around a two or three on a scale of one to 10.” That’s not to say the actor hasn’t enjoyed playing the character -- in fact, it’s been a career-making moment -- but when it’s 5 a.m. on set and he has to deliver all of Titus’ eccentricities, “it takes a toll.”

Burgess recalls being on set the day before with Kemper as the two filmed scenes from the show’s final episodes when it dawned on both of them that this journey was coming to an end. “She and I looked at each other and realized how blessed we were and what an unusual experience we got to have and what an unusual show we got to do,” he says of the series that has been anything but typical.

Telling the story of a young woman who moves to New York City after being forced to live in an underground bunker for the past 15 years, the incredibly quirky series co-created by Tina Fey and Robert Carlock was slated for a 13-episode run on NBC before unexpectedly being sold to Netflix, which picked it up for an initial two seasons. Kimmy Schmidt became the streaming network’s first original half-hour comedy and was met with critical acclaim, as well as 16 Primetime Emmy nominations in its first three seasons. Now, the show is drawing to a close with a final fourth season that's broken up into two parts -- the second half of season four premieres Jan. 25, 2019 -- and a reported movie. (While Burgess confirms that a movie has been proposed, Netflix has yet to make an official announcement or respond to requests for comment about it.)

“I think Kimmy began to sync up with Ellie and both of them began to have the same experience of gratitude, zooming out and being able to see the larger picture. I think the same happened with Titus and myself,” Burgess recalls. (The plot of the final episodes, he teases, mirrors both the real-life and onscreen journeys for Kemper and Burgess.)

The gratitude also extends not only to the Emmys, which has nominated Burgess for three consecutive Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series awards, but to the streaming platform, which has introduced the actor (and character) to an international audience. “Nothing will match this experience because it put me on the map,” he says.

Tituss Burgess in a scene from 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.' - Netflix

As to why Titus has continuously resonated with voters and viewers alike, he says it’s because of how unique the character is. “I didn’t have that type of representation when I was growing up,” Burgess says. “By the sheer fact that he was new made for something to latch onto. It represented how the landscape in television was and is changing.” There’s also a vicarious experience audiences get by watching someone who is as unfiltered as Titus is, the actor muses, adding that if the show debuted today, he might not have had the same impact. “Titus wouldn’t pop as much under this current administration. People would see it as one of the many unfiltered, loud voices we hear today. Four years ago, believe it or not, was a far more civilized time. Titus up against that backdrop had more of an impression on people.”

With the show wrapping production, Burgess is now in a unique position in his career where he says he’ll literally be able to create opportunities for himself -- “what it will look like and what I want it to be.” He’s not as worried about what comes next or distancing himself from Titus as he is about tapping into new personalities. “There are many people and many spirits I know and I’m able to download, and the world only saw one of those,” Burgess says. “I’m excited to display other parts of my schizophrenia.”

He’s working on a new album. He has several upcoming film roles, including one as a creepy elevator operator in Netflix’s Set It Up. The others, he says, haven’t been announced, but he “was shocked” when he got one of them. There’s the musical adaptation of The Preacher’s Wife, which he hopes to bring to Broadway, and which held a reading in December featuring Loretta Devine. “That is shaping up very nicely,” he says.

“I will miss it dearly,” Burgess says of playing Titus, acknowledging that “it's going to feel strange not waking up and putting on those clothes, but my whole world will be just as colorful as the one I just played.”

MORE STANDOUT PERFORMANCES OF THE SEASON:
The CW has renewed “The Originals” and “iZombie” for the 2017-2018 television season, Variety has learned.

“The Originals” will head into its fifth season, while “iZombie” will be heading into its fourth season.

Created by Julie Plec, “The Originals” is a spinoff of “The Vampire Diaries,” which premiered in 2013. The flagship “Vampire” series signed off this spring, ending its eight season run, so renewing “Originals” keeps the franchise at the network for at least another season.

“Originals” follows Joseph Morgan’s Klaus Mikaelson and his family in New Orleans. Morgan stars alongside Daniel Gillies, Phoebe Tonkin, Charles Michael Davis, Yusuf Gatewood and Riley Voelkel. Plec serves as executive producer with Leslie Morgenstein. The series hails from Bonanza Productions Inc., My So-Called Company, Alloy Entertainment, Warner Bros. Television and CBS Television Studios.

The show has remained relatively stable in its fourth season, which is currently averaging a 0.3 rating in adults 18-49 and 972,000 viewers per episode. That represents a decrease of just 11% in the key demo and a slight increase in total viewers compared to Season 3.

“iZombie” is based on the characters from DC Entertainment’s Vertigo imprint. Rose McIver toplines the series, and stars alongside Malcolm Goodwin, Rahul Kohli, Robert Buckley, David Anders and Aly Michalka. The show hails from “Veronica Mars” creator Rob Thomas, who executive produces with Diane Ruggiero-Wright, Danielle Stokdyk and Dan Etheridge. Bonanza Productions Inc., Spondoolie Productions and Warner Bros. Television produce the series.

Now in its third season, this supernatural procedural has dipped quite a bit in ratings. Midway through Season 3, it is averaging a 0.3 rating and 905,000 viewers per episode, down over 30% in both measures from Season 2.

With both renewals, the CW has officially made decisions for every returning show for the 2017-2018 season. “Originals” and “iZombie” join already-renewed series “Arrow,” “D.C.’s Legends of Tomorrow,” “The Flash,” “Supergirl,” “Jane the Virgin,” “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend,” and “Supernatural.” The network cancelled freshman series “No Tomorrow” and “Frequency.”
“Law & Order: SVU” has been renewed for Season 19 at NBC, Variety has learned.

In addition, series showrunner Rick Eid will leave the show to assume showrunning duties on fellow Wolf Films series “Chicago PD.” Eid joined “SVU” as a writer and producer at the beginning of Season 18. He had previously worked on “Law & Order” and “Law & Order: Trial by Jury.” No new showrunner for “SVU” has been named.

The last remaining installment of Dick Wolf’s storied franchise follows life inside the NYPD’s Special Victims Unit, an elite squad that investigates sexually-based offenses, which are considered especially heinous. The series has undergone numerous casting changes over its long run, but series mainstays include Mariska Hargitay and Ice T, the former having been with the show from the very beginning. Newer cast members include Kelli Giddish, Peter Scanavino, and Raúl Esparza.

The series remains a ratings powerhouse for NBC, ranking among its top scripted programs just under “This Is Us,” “Chicago Fire,” and “Chicago PD.” Season 18 averaged a 1.4 rating in adults 18-49 and 5.8 million viewers per episode.

It has been nominated for 25 Emmys throughout its run, winning six, including Hargitay’s win in 2006 for outstanding lead actress in a drama series. The series is a Wolf Films production in association with Universal Television. Wolf is the creator and executive producer. Julie Martin, Jonathan Starch, Arthur Forney, Peter Jankowski, and Hargitay are also executive producers.

“SVU” joins previously renewed NBC shows “This Is Us,” “Chicago Fire,” “Chicago Med,” “Chicago PD,” “Superstore,” “The Good Place,” “Taken,” “Shades of Blue,” and “Blindspot.” The network has canceled “Timeless,” “Emerald City,” and “Powerless.” On the pilot side, the network has ordered “A.P. Bio” from Lorne Michaels and Seth Meyers, “Rise” from Jason Katims, virtual reality thriller “Reverie,” and military drama “The Brave” (formerly “For God and Country”) to series.


Warning: Spoilers ahead! Do not proceed if you haven't watched Thursday's Riverdale!

One of Riverdale's biggest mysteries was answered on Thursday, as it was revealed that Jason Blossom's killer was none other than his own father, Clifford Blossom!

Archie (KJ Apa), Jughead (Cole Sprouse), Betty (Lili Reinhart), Veronica (Camila Mendes), and Kevin (Casey Cott) spent the episode doing some amateur sleuthing after Jughead's father, F.P. Jones (Skeet Ulrich) was arrested for, and later confessed to, Jason's murder. They discovered part of the truth, that Jason was shot and dumped in a freezer in the basement of the Southside Serpents' bar, but a video on a flash drive found in Jason's letterman jacket ultimately revealed the shocking truth, that it was Clifford (Barclay Hope), and not F.P., who pulled the trigger.

RELATED: 'Riverdale' Stars Dish on Archie's New Romance and Molly Ringwald's Grand Debut

To get to the bottom of the morose truth behind Jason's death (and that extra incest twist!) ET hopped on the phone with EP Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa to discuss the who, what and why behind Riverdale's inciting incident.

Can you talk to me about your decision to reveal the identify of Jason Blossom's killer in Riverdale's penultimate episode rather than the finale?

RAS: I had a meeting with Greg Berlanti and Sarah Schechter, who are executive producers on the show... [we were] talking about the last few episodes and I said, 'Then we'll reveal the murderer in the finale.' And Greg said, 'I think you should reveal it in the penultimate, because when you invest in these characters the way you have this year, you're going to want to be able to see the aftermath. You're going to be surprised by how much story you have to tell on the other side of it.' And the second he said that I was like, 'Oh my gosh, that's exactly right!'

When we brought it up to the studio and the network, there were some raised eyebrows and I said, 'This is Greg's idea and we really agree on this,' and then I threw out what was going to be in the finale so that they knew there was enough mystery and exciting stuff happening and then everyone got really on board, but it sort of makes for a very breathless episode 12.

The CW

When it comes to who killed Jason, was it always your intention from the very beginning to have it be his own father?

RAS: Yes, Mr. Blossom was always it... We went into [the season] with three likely candidates: one was F.P. Jones, one was Hiram Lodge... and then the last was Clifford Blossom. As the season progressed, we kind of added Hal Cooper to the mix of someone who very possibly could have killed Jason.

Our thesis for this show is this dark take on the Archie characters, and the Archie world that people thought they knew was a place of sunny, happy kids and families, where everyone is protected and everyone is safe. So the most transgressive, the most taboo, the darkest act that could happen is a parent killing their own child. And he also sort of, we discovered, had the greatest secret that he was hiding and he had the biggest motive. That's sort of how we landed on him.

RELATED: Mark Consuelos Joins Season 2 of 'Riverdale' as Veronica's Father

Seems like there's more to the story -- are we going to discover the reasons why Clifford killed his son?

RAS: Absolutely! Episode 112 is the who-dunnit, and episode 113 is the 'Why did he do it?' A lot more mysteries start rolling out from there.

Let's talk about the Blossom family twist with the Coopers – I'm going to call them the Bloopers – When did you decide to do that and can you talk about the cousin-cest of it all?

RAS: Very early on that was in the pitch, that it was going to be revealed that the reason the families didn’t want Jason and Polly to be together was because – though they were somewhat distantly related – they were blood relatives and of course, that's just such a gothic trope... People thought that we were breaking the incest taboo with Cheryl this season, and I love that the twist isn’t that it was Cheryl and Jason, it was Jason and Polly. And again, in our sort of darker universe, that's one of darkest kind of roses in the vase.

The CW

TV: 6 Reasons Why 'Riverdale' Is the New Teen Drama We've Been Waiting For

Can you talk about the decision behind Clifford hanging himself? Obviously that takes away the vindication of watching that person get punished for the crime.

RAS: I would say two things: stay tuned for the finale and remember, we didn’t see Clifford hang himself. We just saw Clifford hanging there.

Hell hath no fury like a Blossom woman scorned?

RAS: Correct, correct, and the one thing that you won't find out in 12 is that the evil things we know Clifford has been doing are just the tip of the iceberg.

Riverdale's season finale airs next Thursday at 9 p.m. ET/PT on The CW.

EXCLUSIVE: Molly Ringwald on Playing Archie's Mom on 'Riverdale,' What Advice She Gives Her Young Co-Stars


May 7, 2018

Birth Control and Blood Clots: Know Your Risk

There are more than 60 million women of child-bearing age in the United States, and the majority of them report using some form of birth control. In fact, the birth control pill is their number one choice. While research shows that the birth control pill is safe and effective, the pill can carry risks like any other prescription medication. It is important for women to know their risks for blood clots, and to understand their options for birth control.

One risk associated with birth control pills – or any form of hormonal birth control that contains estrogen, including the pill, patch, or ring – is a deadly blood clot. The use of birth control pills with estrogen increases a woman’s risk for blood clots three-fold, and some of the newer birth control pills women use pose a risk two-times greater than older birth control pills. The use of patches and rings containing estrogen poses a risk double that of birth control pills. Women with a clotting disorder, a previous blood clot, or a family history of blood clots are at an even greater risk for blood clots.

Join the National Blood Clot Alliance (NBCA) during National Women’s Health Week (NWHW), May 13-19, 2018, as we work together with the Alexandra L. Rowan Memorial Foundation to provide women with life-saving information about birth control and blood clots, and to help them determine, along with their doctor, their risk for blood clots and their best birth control options. Together, we are encouraging women to visit Women & Blood Clots for more information about birth control and blood clots. Even if you are a woman at risk for blood clots, it is still possible for you to plan your family as you choose, by understanding your risk for blood clots and taking these simple steps to reduce your risk:

Learn more about birth control and blood clot risks by visiting Women & Blood Clots

Complete the Risk Assessment and discuss their results and birth control options with their doctor

Talk to their doctor about any personal or family history of blood clots, and their existing risk for blood clot

Each year, up to 900,000 people are affected by blood clots, and about 100,000 people will die because of blood clots. However, many of these deaths can be prevented simply by sharing life-saving information. Women in particular face specific risks for blood clots that span their entire lives. In addition to the risk for blood clots connected to hormonal birth control, women are also at risk during pregnancy and childbirth, and when estrogen is used in the treatment of menopause symptoms later in life.

To learn more about women and blood clot risks, signs and symptoms, and prevention, please visit and share www.womenandbloodclots.org.

What is Women’s Health Week?

National Women’s Health Week is a special observance led by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office on Women’s Health. The goal is to empower women to make their health a priority. The week also serves as a time to help women understand what steps they can take to improve their health throughout the entire year. National Women’s Health Week kicks off on Mother’s Day, May 13, and is celebrated through May 19, 2018.

New this Year: Women and Blood Clots on Twitter

Tweet, Tweet: NBCA is excited to announce the launch of our brand new Women & Blood Clots Twitter account, where we will share important content singularly focused on information, news, and stories specific to women’s health and blood clots. Follow Women & Blood Clots on Twitter here, and start tweeting with us today about this important topic. Be sure to use the National Women’s Health Week hashtag #NWHW in your tweets.

Help NBCA Raise Awareness About Blood Clots During NWHW

Get Social: Connect with NBCA on Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, and our main Twitter account, where we will be sharing special content related to women and blood clots each day during National Women’s Health Week, including new graphics that will feature the personal stories of women who have been directly affected by blood clots. You can help make a difference by sharing our posts, tweets, pictures, and pins with your friends and family.

Make Some Noise: Are you on Facebook or Twitter? NBCA has partnered with the social media sharing platform Thunderclap to deliver one, unified, life-saving message across the social media sites you use every day. Our message seeks to alert women – and the men who care about them – about how hormonal birth control can place them at risk for a deadly blood clot. Click here to be safely directed to Thunderclap and sign up to be a part of this social media sharing initiative, which will automatically update the social media status of your preference on the day the message goes out, May 17, 2017, at 12:30 pm, Eastern. Like any message, the more individuals who come together to share it, the better the message is heard.

Connect with Your Peers: Chat with other people who have experienced a blood clot in NBCA’s peer-to-peer discussion community, powered by Inspire. Our community is continually growing, and now has almost 3,000 members. Join a safe space on the web to talk about your experiences with people who understand.

Please contact the National Blood Clot Alliance Communications Department via email at info@stoptheclot.org if you have any questions or comments about National Women’s Health Week 2018.
The Total Divas star thanked fans for their support in a message posted to her and sister Nikki Bella's YouTube page on Friday.

Brie Bella couldn't be happier to finally meet her baby girl.

The Total Divas star thanked fans for their support in a message posted to her and sister Nikki Bella's YouTube page on Friday.

"We finally wanted to say thank you for all your support, your prayers and all your cute, little messages about Birdie finally coming in," said Brie, as she held baby Birdie Joe Danielson in the hospital room. "It was a very crazy process and a very long labor, and I'm so lucky I had Bryan by my side the whole time and my sister, who's filming this right now, by my side the whole time, which was amazing. But at the end of something so hard and long, the most precious gift in the world came to us, so we couldn't be happier."

"So, thank you for all your love and support. And Miss Birdie here, she will one day here soon say hi to all of you, but she's sleeping right now, so we don't want to wake her," she added.

Brie, who welcomed her baby girl with husband Daniel Bryan on Tuesday, also gushed about her daughter on Instagram.

Nikki also paid special tribute to her niece on social media.
Saturday Night Live fans hoping to see Melissa McCarthy rip into Sean Spicer right at the top of the show were in for something of a wait. McCarthy was absent entirely from the show’s cold open, and chose to focus on an apolitical topic, Mother’s Day, during her first sketch of the evening. McCarthy also defied expectations by largely ignoring the fact that this is her fifth time hosting Saturday Night Live. The show has a history of making a big deal of a host’s induction into the Five-Timer’s Club—but, perhaps because McCarthy made such fuss over almost getting there last year, S.N.L. decided to take a pass on bringing it up in the monologue.

McCarthy did, however, acknowledge some show history when she took an unsuspecting mom from the audience on a backstage tour that included cameos from a pantsless Alec Baldwin, as well as Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds (or, as McCarthy calls them, “the Livelys”). But the real star of that tour was the llama McCarthy encountered in the hallway. For more on why that particular animal is so significant, you can go here. Suffice to say, that wasn’t McCarthy’s first llama rodeo.
— -- Last month, Elle King mysteriously posted a message to Instagram saying she had "skipped out on my wedding. I married Rock &Roll instead" -- a post alluding that she had split from Andrew "Fergie" Ferguson, who at the time was believed to be her fiance.

But now the "Ex's & Oh's" singer is revealing that she and Ferguson already had been married -- on Valentine's Day 2016 -- and are breaking up.

King posted an Instagram picture of herself with Ferguson on Monday, writing, "my soul aches" and "I am lost."

"We secretly got married 3 weeks after we met on 2/14/2016. It was and will forever be, one of the happiest days of my life. This photo was taken today, 5/15/2017. A month after what should have been our big wedding ceremony. My heart is broken," she wrote. "He is the greatest love of my life. He is my best friend. As we separate, and attempt to find our footing through life, all I can hope for us is that we both find happiness within ourselves. I love you. You'll always have my heart. You'll always be my first husband."

King also included a plea for privacy, writing, "Please be respectful of our emotions and our space during this time. Everybody thought I lost my mind and I did. So, be kind."
Not since Alicia Machado became the breakout star of the first presidential debate seven months ago—that’s half a century in Trump news cycle years—have the disparate worlds of pageantry and politics been so intertwined. Kára McCullough, our new reigning Miss USA, sparked controversy during Sunday night’s crowning due to her polarizing opinions on two separate issues: feminism and health care. Unlike so many of our elected politicians, McCullough’s soundbites were definitive, articulate, and to the point. But it was the content of McCullough’s politics, not her delivery, that left viewers sounding off on social media well into Monday morning. To recap, Miss District of Columbia became an unconventional alt-right darling by insisting that health care is a privilege, not a right. “I’m definitely going to say it is a privilege,” McCullough offered during the 30-second question and answer portion of the pageant. “As a government employee, I am granted health care and I see firsthand that to have health care, you need to have jobs.”

Much to the chagrin of Twitter eggs everywhere, the 25-year-old McCullough has since clarified her position on health care, explaining on Good Morning America that, “I am privileged to have health care and I do believe that it should be a right, and I hope and pray moving forward that health care is a right for all worldwide.” But McCullough is less likely to backtrack on her other controversial opinion of the night—the revelation that she self-identifies not as a feminist, but as an equalist. “I try not to consider myself this die-hard, like, I don’t really care about men,” she infamously insisted on Sunday night’s broadcast. During a victory tour interview at the top of New York’s Empire State Building, a wind-blown McCullough (complete with sash and crown) doubles down on her decision to identify as an equalist. “I’m just about being equal,” McCullough tells The Daily Beast, before insisting that, “I’m all about women’s rights.”

As a scientist at the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission with a degree in radiochemistry, McCullough has experience succeeding in a traditionally male-dominated field. In fact, she’s consistently spoken out about the importance of supporting women and girls in STEM, a platform that, for many, made her reluctance to call herself a feminist even more surprising. Still, McCullough insists, “I do want to see women flourish in just every aspect of life, whether it is in the medical sciences, or whether it’s in the government agencies and in STEM. I’m just saying in total we have to look at ourselves as, ‘we are equal.’” McCullough pauses and smiles before reaching for a pageant conclusion: “Women have made so many strides, and I’m looking forward to this next generation of women coming up.”

Equalism aside, McCullough has been heralded as an outstanding role model on multiple fronts: not just as a black female scientist, but as a pageant beauty who insists on wearing her natural curls. McCullough concedes that in a time when images of natural black hair are still under-represented in pop culture, her decision was, of course, a deliberate one. “When I came to the conclusion to wear my hair natural, I wanted to be authentic,” she explains. “And I feel the most liberated and happy with my natural curly hair. Typically, you don’t really see women on the pageant stage with their natural hair. You’re always told to straighten your hair, that it looks more professional, it looks more put together.” McCullough stops just short of explaining the racism intrinsic to this particular brand of pageant advice—we are at an Empire State Building press junket, after all—and chooses her next words carefully. “I wasn’t necessarily trying to challenge the status quo,” she continues. “I just wanted to be comfortable. And that’s the message that I want to send to so many young women: do what makes you comfortable.”

Ten years ago, Miss USA would most likely be answering questions about her exercise routine or her favorite home-cooked meal. But, perhaps given the pageant’s history as a part of Donald Trump’s extensive entertainment portfolio, politics appear to have become a part of the competition. McCullough seems up to the challenge of wearing the crown during one of the most turbulent political moments in recent memory. In fact, she’s excited that Sunday’s Miss USA amounted to more than just channel surfing fodder. “We’re starting a conversation!” She exclaims. “We’re pressing on issues that are prominent in our nation right now…Everyone has an opinion, and I’m glad.”

McCullough insists that while “I don’t have a political agenda, I’m not trying to be a politician,” she’s open to using her platform to discuss more political issues in the future. “If matters are pressing on my heart, and I feel as if I’m the one involved in that type of situation, then sure, I’ll speak out about it,” she offers, before concluding that, “I’m just trying to go with the flow.”

As for her personal reaction to all of the backlash her pageant responses elicited, from doting conservatives to disappointed liberals, our reigning Miss USA has a perfectly patriotic answer: “That’s what social media’s about, and that’s what America’s about.” Land of freedom of expression, and home of the tweets.
Miss USA 2017 would like to change one of her answers.

Kara McCullough, the second consecutive Miss D.C. USA to be crowned the winner of Miss USA, backtracked on her controversial remarks about health care Tuesday. She now says "it should be a right" after previously calling it a privilege.

Miss District of Columbia USA Kara McCullough competes during the Miss USA contest Sunday, May 14, 2017, in Las Vegas.

"I am privileged to have health care and I do believe that it should be a right," the 25-year-old beauty queen said on "Good Morning America." "I hope and pray moving forward that health care is a right for all worldwide."

"I just want people to see where I was coming from. Having a job, I have to look at health care like it is a privilege."

McCullough, a chemist who works for the government at the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, previously said affordable health care was a "privilege" during Sunday's question-and-answer rounds.

"I'm definitely going to say it's a privilege," she told host Julianne Hough during the competition. "As a government employee, I am granted health care and I see firsthand that for one to have health care, you need to have jobs," she said at the time. "So therefore, we need to continue to cultivate this environment that we're given the opportunity to have health care as well as jobs to all the American citizens worldwide."

"I'm definitely going to say it's a privilege." Listen to your new #MissUSA talk about healthcare in the USA. pic.twitter.com/CzPBeaTYHO — Miss USA & Miss Teen USA (@MissUSA) May 15, 2017

The remark ignited political divides over President Donald Trump and the Republican Party's efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. Trump previously co-owned the Miss Universe Organization, which operates the Miss USA pageant.

McCullough told "GMA" Tuesday that she wasn't surprised by online criticisms of her health care comments, or for suggesting she's not a "feminist" because she believes women "are just as equal as men, especially in the workplace." She said she prefers the term "equalism" to "feminism."

"I believe that is what America is based on, like having opinions and views," she said Tuesday.

"For me, where I work at with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 'equalism' is more of a term of understanding that no matter your gender, you are still just kind of given the same accolades on your work," McCullough said today. "I believe that if a person does a good job, they should be, you know, credited for that in a sense."

McCullough, who was born in Italy and raised in Virginia Beach, succeeded 2016 winner DeShauna Barber, also of the District of Columbia. Barber was the first-ever military member to be crowned Miss USA.

McCullough said she wants to inspire children to pursue careers in the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics. She graduated with a chemistry degree from South Carolina State University, where she was a member of the Honors College, the American Association of Blacks in Engineering and the Alpha Nu Sigma Honor Society; she also funds program encouraging Science Exploration for Kids.
The title of ABC’s upcoming “Grey’s Anatomy” spinoff has finally been revealed. The series, which comes from showrunner Stacy McKee, will be called “Station 19.”

Series executive producer Paris Barclay announced the title on Twitter on Thursday, saying, “Welcome all of them to @STATION19 #greysanatomy spin-off.”

The spinoff is set at Seattle Fire Station 19 in Seattle, Wash., in the same universe as “Grey’s Anatomy” and will see Jason George’s Dr. Ben Warren giving up his life as a surgeon to become a firefighter. With his new firehouse home being just blocks away from Grey Sloan Memorial, producers of the show have said there may be opportunity to see some characters crossover between the two series.

At the Alphabet’s Television Critics Assn. press tour panel in early January 2018, McKee said they were still considering a few options for the show’s title. ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey noted that “coming up with a title is one of the most challenging things we do” and pointed out that the network executives at the time did not select a title for “Grey’s Anatomy” until right before that series debuted in 2005, either.

“We really want to make sure that what we settle on is perfect,” Dungey said.

“Station 19,” which falls under Shonda Rhimes’ Shondaland banner, stars George, Jaina Lee Ortiz, Grey Damon, Barrett Doss, Alberto Frezza, Jay Hayden, Okieriete Onaodowan, Danielle Savre and Miguel Sandoval.

Ortiz also announced the title on Twitter, with a little bonus video from the cast:

“Station 19” will premiere with a special two-hour event on ABC Mar. 22 before taking its usual “TGIT” time slot of 9 p.m. on Mar. 29.
The Late Late Show has a new host! Well, at least it did on Tuesday night. Harry Styles continued his week-long residency on the CBS show, stepping out and pretending to be host, James Corden, delivering the opening monologue.

Styles, 23, clad in a velvet green suit, touched on the news, poking fun at both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. But the British singer really enjoyed trying out puns while talking about the story involving hackers threatening to release Pirates of the Caribbean 5 unless a ransom was paid.

WATCH: Harry Styles Dodges Kendall Jenner Mentions, Teases ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Segment on ‘The Late Late Show’

“They could release this movie illegally. I guess you would say it’s a pirated video,” he quipped. “They’re holding Pirates of the Caribbean for ransom. Sounds to me like they’re charging them an arm and a peg. If Disney pays this ransom, they could go into Johnny Debt.”

Not to be outdone, Corden spent time backstage rocking a tight bright red suit, white cowboy boots, and a butterfly tattoo on his chest.

“Just a little something I put together,” Corden quipped as Styles continued to host the show.

The “Sign of the Times” crooner went on to perform his new single, “Carolina,” and read out some “Side Effects” of going solo.

“Those side effects may include – having to be the cute one, having to also be the sulky one, but it’s hard because you’re also the cute one and there’s nothing really cute about being sulky,” he joked. “Having to be the dangerous one. That’s hard because you’re already cute and sulky and people aren’t really scared of sad little cutie pies. Having to be the talented one. All this time you spend trying to balance cute, sulky, and dangerous is really eaten up your schedule and it makes it hard to refine your talents.”

WATCH: Harry Styles Addresses Whether 'Two Ghosts' Is About Taylor Swift: 'It's Pretty Self-Explanatory'

But Styles’ favorite side effect came last when he noted, “Getting to take up the entire album cover with just a picture of you in a bubble bath, which is something you’ve been pitching unsuccessfully to the band for years.”

Styles’ new self-titled album is no. 1 across the globe and features a photo of his shirtless back in a bathtub. For more from the former One Directioner, watch the clip below!
Cory and Murray are still arguing about Murray acting slutty at the party last weekend on What Happens at The Abbey on E!

“He’s Dr. Jekyll, Mr. Ho,” Cory describes his boyfriend Murray when he has a shot of vodka.

“I just wish I didn’t have to work with the kid,” Cory tells Kyle.

Yeah, well that’s the whole thing about not s**tting where you eat. #JustSaying

“Cory and Murray have one thing in common, they both love Murray,” Kyle says.

Sign up for our newsletter!

Get updates on the latest posts and more from Monsters and Critics straight to your inbox. By submitting your information you agree to our T&Cs and Privacy Policy.

Murray tries to talk to Cory over the bar in the middle of their shift.

“How can you be angry at me?” Murray asks.

“You were being a drunk slut,” Cory says.

Murray denies flirting with anyone, and Cory tells him he’s delusional.

Then they have this little girl b***h fight that only lacks some slapping.

“I can’t stand you, just get away from me,” Cory says.

“You’re disgusting,” Murray snipes.

“You’re disgusting,” Cory yells. “Chicken leg bitch!”

Murray says Cory could get jealous of him standing too close to a plant.

A few days later, Lawrence and Murray go out partying without Cory.

It’s a recipe for disaster. Murray gets really drunk, really fast.

“Once again, hurricane Murray is passing through,” Brandi says.

His “straight” friend Giancarlo is there to dance with him and act anything but straight.

“Giancarlo swears that he’s straight, but I don’t know how many straight dude tells other guys they smell good,” Elizabeth says.

Cory walks in while Murray is being too cozy with Giancarlo. Actually, he has shirt pulled up and his “straight” friend is feeling his abs.

“He’s straight,” Elizabeth tells Cory, as they watch together.

“Yeah, and I believe in unicorns,” Cory says.

“Straight my ass,” Cory says.

“I feel like telling Cory, Spoiler Alert! Your boyfriend is a slut,” Elizabeth says.

Cory and Murray have another argument in public.

But Murray’s too drunk to have a conversation.

“Can you not throw a drink at me?” Murray asks, kinda politely. It’s hilarious.

Marissa’s mom Debbie is in town to visit and convince her daughter to move back to New York.

“I’m from an Italian family – moving out of the house is harder than quitting the mafia,” Marissa says.

Fulfilling all Italian mother stereotypes, Debbie’s worried Marissa isn’t eating.

“The same thing that you’re doing here, you can do in New York,” her mom says.

Marissa says she’s following her dream. Is it her dream to be a cocktail waitress?

She tells her mother that she’s invited to The Abbey that night.

“Right, before we even go there, am I allowed to talk to people?” mom asks.

Yes, she may, but only if the people approach her.

She also tells her mom about Kyle.

“Sometimes you’re a little quick,” her mom says.

Yes, Marissa, your mom did just imply that you’re a slut.

Turns out, Marissa left a man back in New York. And he still thinks they’re a couple. #Oops

When her mom gets to The Abbey, Marissa has Billy come take a pic with mom because mom loves Nick-the-Gardner.

But Mom Debbie doesn’t seem excited when she first meets Kyle.

“OMG my mom is totally icing Kyle right now,” Marissa says.

The whole thing is so uncomfortable, I don’t even want to watch. #Awkward

But then she warms up. She does like getting her hands on the younger men.

“Clearly, Kyle passed the mom test. A little too well,” Marissa says.

Heidi Montage and her entourage hit The Abbey for drinks, and owner David Cooley greets them.

Heidi is a regular.

Marissa’s mom is bird-dogging Heidi Montag from across the bar.

Then she goes for it.

“Oh my God, I’m such a big fan,” Debbie squeals.

Then she proceeds to tell Heidi her daughter’s whole story.

“Marissa, come take a picture of me. Isn’t she cute?” she asks Heidi.

“I told her all about you, Marissa,” Debbie says.

Heidi is actually pretty gracious about the whole thing.

“Heidi Montag is literally everything,” Marissa says.

Oh, jeez.

Girl has some really inspirational role models. Bahaha!

At the end of the trip, her mom cries all the way to the airport.

“Marissa, I love you, and you can always come home anytime,” she says.

After she drops off Debbie at LAX, Marissa goes over the Kyle’s house to show him some headshots.

And Marissa mentions that the laptop was a gift from her boyfriend back home.

“Technically, I have a boyfriend back home,” Marissa’s a little sleazy. Poor guy back in New York is going to be humiliated when the show airs.

Kyle’s turned off. Don’t blame him.

Lawrence and Brandi go to see a fertility doc about having a baby together, and everything looks good.

“It’s time to let the family in on the plan,” Lawrence says.

Lawrence and Brandi invite Lawrence’s dad to lunch at The Abbey to tell him they’re going to have a baby.

Dad’s concerned about what happens if they want to take their lives different directions.

“Kid comes first,” Lawrence says.

“We call this the house,” Lawrence gives his father a picture of Brandi’s uterus.

“You couldn’t have done anything more to honor me as your father,” he says.

I want to laugh really hard, but I think the guy is sincere.

Glad it went smoothly for Lawrence and Brandi.

It’s not going smoothly for besties Kim and Elizabeth the day after the big party where they hooked up, with an audience, in their boss’s swimming pool.

“Me and Elizabeth had our special moment,” Kim says.

“This is classic straight girl oops,” Elizabeth says. Her feelings are hurt.

“A few harmless kisses in a pool and she’s already renting a U-Haul for us,” Kim says.

“I made out with you because I was drunk and having a good time,” Kim says.

“If I was straight you would not have done what you did,” Elizabeth says.

“I’m officially liking Kim romantically,” Elizabeth says in interview

Ashlee invites Daniel over to her house to make truffles. He thinks “truffles” are a code word for sex.

Turns out Ashlee is a Beverly Hills trust fund baby. But she’s trying to start her own truffle business to prove she can make it on her own.

Daniel thinks her truffles “taste like dirt.”

“At first, I thought Daniel might be little bit nervous. But then I realize that Daniel is dumb as a brick,” Ashlee says.

Daniel thinks he’s got it all going on.

“I’d be a little intimidated by me too,” Daniel says. What? ROFL

“You were a lot nicer at the pool,” Daniel says.

Ashlee says it’s more like doing charity work than having a date.

“I’m not going to lie Ashlee. I think you struck out with me. But we can still be friends,” Daniel doesn’t take social clues very well as he’s ushered out the door as quickly as possible.

Next week it appears they’re doing naked yoga. And now I don’t really ever want to see naked yoga.

Things we’re left wondering

Why is Daniel’s ego so big? What am I missing here? I’m so not impressed by him.

Will Elizabeth and Kim be able to stay friends after the hookup?

Will Kyle totally give up on Marissa after her boyfriend revelation? Or is she cute enough to survive that?

What Happens at The Abbey airs Sundays at 10/9c on E!
As much as the Cannes Film festival is about cinema, it’s also about celebrities and all the fashion they serve. From the biggest designer labels and gorgeous jewellery to killer luxe heels — celebs go all-out to ensure that their look is on point. And sometimes, two fashionable minds think alike. On the opening day of the fest, models Bella Hadid and Emily Ratajkowski ended up twinning, and they looked elated that they did .

Models Bella Hadid and Emily Ratajkowski were twinning at Cannes Film Festival 2017.(AFP PHOTO/Anne-Christine POUJOULAT)
The finale of The Bachelorette has sparked another lead from the ABC reality dating franchise to speak out candidly about how her own finale was edited by show producers.

Rachel Lindsay, the historic star of The Bachelorette‘s 2017 cycle, got engaged to winner Bryan Abasolo on her season 13 finale. Now, however, she is opening up to say, “I was denied my on-camera happy ending” and “labeled an angry black female.”

Lindsay was the first black lead of the long-running franchise, which just wrapped its 14th season of The Bachelorette on Monday night. Lindsay remains the only black star in the franchise’s combined 26 seasons, and though her long overdue casting was praised and her season was initially celebrated for its diversity, the cycle ended up being criticized for race-baiting for drama.

In a blog post about Becca Kufrin’s finale for Us Weekly, Lindsay details how her TV ending played out differently than the one that just aired. Kufrin accepted a proposal from her winner, Garrett Yrigoyen, who has emerged as a controversial pick given his past social media history of liking several memes espousing offensive rhetoric.

Lindsay, who remains happily engaged to Abasolo, says the pretaped portion of the latest finale gave Kufrin and Yrigoyen the “true definition” of a happy ending. After the proposal, the live aftershow saw the couple return to discuss their journey off-camera, including the Instagram scandal. But Lindsay says what she endured on the night of her finale was much worse.

“Becca did not sit on stage for three hours and watch the finale for the first time in front of a live audience,” Lindsay wrote, recalling how her part of the live post-finale special, After the Final Rose, cut into the pretaped portion. “Becca did not have to deal with someone telling her she would live a mediocre life. Becca did not have to deal with being baited with real-time questions about her emotions watching certain scenes. Nope, that was me.”

As viewers will recall, much of Lindsay’s finale centered around the departure of her runner-up, Peter Kraus, and she criticized the show for focusing more on the breakup than the proposal.

“Let’s just be honest, Becca did not have the finale that I had,” she continued. “There was no controversy and she was not put in a position to face any. She was protected and I was placed on display for three hours and labeled an angry black female. And there will always be that stigma attached to my finale because it has been said that when truth is blurred by misinformation, perception becomes reality and all is lost.”

Lindsay summed up what was meant to be a finale recap by challenging ABC and show producers to do better.

“The Bachelor franchise does believe in happy endings — some people get an on-camera happy ending, some people get on off-camera happy ending, and some people get both,” she says. “For Becca, I truly hope she gets both. As for my happy ending, it was not demonstrated within the confines of your television screens, but I am living it every day in real life. So in regards to a future on-camera happy ending and whether or not I will get married on TV, I have no idea but they damn sure owe us one.”

At the time, Lindsay said that a lot of her relationship with Abasolo was left on the cutting-room floor because their relationship was drama-free. Instead, much of the focus was on Lindsay sending Kraus home early over his hesitance about proposing. “Bryan was the person,” she said of why she sent Kraus home. “I’m only in love with one person through that entire season. I wanted that proposal to be all about Bryan. I wanted him to be the focus.”

This year’s Bachelor, Arie Luyendyk Jr., also spoke out after his season wrapped to say that he felt “betrayed” by how show producers edited his controversial finale, which resulted in Kufrin being named as the Bachelorette.
WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from tonight’s Riverdale season 2 premiere. Read at your own risk!

The cliffhanger that’s had Riverdale fans on edge all summer was finally answered in the season premiere: Luke Perry’s Fred Andrews survived his gunshot wound. The father of Archie (KJ Apa) was touch-and-go for much of the episode but pulled through in the final moments. Not so lucky was Miss Grundy (Sarah Habel): Archie’s music teacher and lover was shockingly killed in the final moments by the Black Hood.

EW talked to Perry about surviving to season 2 and what Hiram’s arrival means for Fred.

ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: When did you first learn Fred would be shot?

LUKE PERRY: We were about three or four days into the episode and what [show creator and EP Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa] wanted to have happened at the end of the season, for various reasons, he wasn’t able to get it together and had to come up with a new ending. He had to come up with something else and he came to me and he goes, “This is what I’m thinking is going to be compelling.” And I said, “Alright!”

He told me that he was planning on introducing Hiram but they couldn’t find the right actor.

Yep, that was what it was. I was like, “Hey I know how this works: I saw Game of Thrones and people get their heads cut off on TV! You can’t scare me! I’m not afraid of that s—, Roberto!” That’s what I said.

Did he tell you that you would still be alive though?

I didn’t want him to tell me. I wanted him to leave the door open for what he creatively thought was best and if that means one thing then that’s what it means and if it means something else then that’s what it means. I like to take the creative chance and I don’t like to operate from a place of fear. I was like, “Let’s see where this goes.”

How did they keep this a secret in getting you on set? You have so much paparazzi now.

They’ve been disguising me as Madelaine [Petsch, who plays Cheryl Blossom]. Long red wigs and stuff like that. I told them [the hair] needed to be long enough to cover the beard so we went with Mads.

Dean Buscher/The CW

This whole episode reminded me of an old Beverly Hills, 90210 episode when Dylan crashed his Porsche and had all these weird dreams in the hospital. Was that an homage?

I don’t know. I never know with Roberto. He has such a comprehensive knowledge of television and the history thereof. It very well could have been. That episode was called “The Dreams of Dylan McKay” — I remember that. It was like all his bad dreams were coming true for him.

So now that we know Fred is alive and awake, how will this change him?

I think Fred is traumatized. I really do. I think he’s sort of going through the motions and he hasn’t connected back into what his life is. I can only imagine if something like that were to happen to you, you hit the pause button in your life and it makes you think about a lot of different things. He definitely comes out of it a different guy.

What’s his relationship going to be like with Hermione (Marisol Nichols) now that Hiram (Mark Consuelos) is back?

Well you know with triangles they get a little pointy! That’s what happens. We’re gonna start digging into that here pretty soon. She’s the one with the problem — she was the one who was married. I didn’t do anything wrong.

Do you know what the Black Hood’s endgame is? He’s clearly targeting people in the Andrews’ circle based on Fred and the murder of Miss Grundy.

I do not. Harkening back to a question you asked me earlier about how do we keep everything such a secret, Roberto keeps it a secret from us! I think again, with all the technologies and opportunities to have your story blown up today, he’s protective over his material.

Riverdale airs Wednesdays at 8 p.m. ET on The CW.
Spoiler alert: major plot points from the season 13 finale of Grey’s Anatomy ahead!

Grey’s Anatomy has said goodbye to yet another doctor.

In the penultimate episode of season 13, Keith, a man accused of rape, was on the loose in the hospital and holding Stephanie Edwards (Jerrika Hinton) at knifepoint as he attempted to escape. But when Bailey (Chandra Wilson) puts the hospital on lockdown to find him, Keith resorts to starting a fire to set of the sprinkler system and trigger an automatic release of all the locks in the building.

To stop Keith from taking a young girl, Erin (Big Little Lies‘ Darby Camp), with him as a hostage of sorts, Edwards douses him in flammable liquid and hides with the girl as the rapist becomes engulfed in flames. He sets off a calamity as he stumbles toward flammable tanks in a nearby room. Edwards, rushing to move Keith to a safer location, is too late as the tanks explode and causes a hospital-wide evacuation.

Edwards saves herself and Erin as she reaches the roof of the burning building and quickly begins mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, despite severe burns on her arms, face and legs.

FROM PEN: Grey’s Anatomy’s Chandra Wilson Opens Up About Daughter’s Mysterious Vomiting Syndrome —and There’s No Cure

In the finale, doctors find her and Erin on the roof and quickly rush the young girl into surgery. Edwards, enduring the agony of her wounds and realizing she wants to live her life, tells Dr. Richard Webber (James Pickens Jr.), her mentor, that she won’t be returning to the hospital after she heals.

“I quit,” she says.

But fans of Hinton need not fear saying goodbye to the actress for long. The 35-year-old has been cast in Six Feet Under and True Blood producer Alan Ball’s upcoming HBO family drama.

Grey’s Anatomy will return in the fall for season 14.
Lena Dunham regretfully announced that she has to cancel her planned Lenny speaking tour across the country due to complications from her endometriosis surgery.

The writer and actress, 31, says she’s currently “in the greatest amount of physical pain that I have ever experienced,” in a post on Lenny‘s website.

“After being told I was endometriosis-free after my last procedure, more disease was found in deeper spots that required immediate surgery and now physical therapy,” Dunham explains. “This disease is wily and unrelenting, and I’m really blessed to have a community, both online and IRL, who let me express how hard that is.”

Dunham, who was hospitalized shortly after walking the red carpet at the Met Gala on May 1 because of her condition, says she needs rest right now.

“My body, which I’ve worked through all kinds of pain for many years, just doesn’t have what it takes to do this tour,” she writes. “Lenny is about giving 100 percent of ourselves, 100 percent of the time, and I couldn’t bear to limp through this.”

Dunham adds that all tickets will be refunded, and that “we hope to be back when my uterus has taken a chill pill.”

RELATED VIDEO: Lena Dunham Rushed to Hospital After Met Gala for Endometriosis Complications

In an April 4 Lenny Letter, Dunham had announced that she was endometriosis-free after a fifth surgery.

“My surgery went off without a hitch,” she wrote. “When I emerged, cotton-mouthed, Randy told me something I hadn’t expected to hear, maybe ever: there was no endometriosis left. Between my surgeries and hormonal intervention, I was disease-free. That doesn’t mean it can never return, but for now, once my sutures have been removed and my bruises have changed from blue to yellow to green to gone, I will be healthy.”

But her condition took a turn after the Met Gala, and she thanked fans for their support after her hospital stay.

“Thank you for all the love & concern that’s been pouring in since Tuesday,” Dunham wrote on Instagram. “Although I’m much healthier than I was a year ago, complications arose from my most recent endometriosis surgery.”

“I’ll always be proud of those Met Gala pics — not just because I felt beautiful, surrounded by art and magic, hugging my best friend tightly, but because they’re evidence that women contain steely multitudes.”
The collective internet seems to have already passed judgment on Katy Perry's new track, "Swish Swish," which is raising eyebrows over its possible lyrical shots at Taylor Swift. Perry was even asked by Jimmy Fallon on The Tonight Show Friday whether this song, off her upcoming Witness album, was about "anyone we know." While the pop diva remained cryptic, she explained the meaning of "Swish Swish" is "liberation" from bullies.

"I think it's a great anthem for people to use whenever someone's trying to hold you down or bully you," she said. "That's kind of what this record is about, it's just like [a] 360-degree liberation." If "Chained to the Rhythm" was about "political liberation" and "Bon Appétit" was a "sexual liberation," then Perry calls "Swish Swish" "the liberation from all the negative that doesn't serve you."

Perry directed her fans to the segment on social media Saturday morning. "Here's some of the tea and a biscuit," she tweeted.

Since "Swish Swish" dropped on Thursday, listeners, including Swift pal Ruby Rose, pointed to the lyrics as a diss track. "I've always stood up for the people I love and against things I think are cheap or mean spirited. That's not new. You have to follow your [heart emoji]," Rose wrote in a series of tweets.

Perry and Swift have reportedly been feuding since an alleged spat over backup dancers a couple of years ago. Swift's 1989 hit "Bad Blood" has long been rumored to be a strike against Perry, and when asked by Entertainment Weekly if Witness included a response to the Swift song, Perry said it was "not my question to answer—if it's about me."

She further explained, "I think [my new album is] a very empowered record. There is no one thing that's calling out any one person. One thing to note is: You can't mistake kindness for weakness and don't come for me. Anyone. Anyone. Anyone. Anyone. And that's not to any one person and don't quote me that it is, because it's not. It's not about that."

Watch her latest explanation of "Swish Swish" on The Tonight Show above.
There they are! Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were photographed arriving at Pippa Middleton and James Matthews‘ wedding reception in Bucklebury, England, on Saturday, May 20.

Related: Pippa Middleton's Wedding in Pictures Pippa Middleton and hedge fund manager James Matthews tied the knot at St. Mark's Church in England on Saturday, May 20 — see the sweetest photos

The low-key couple, who began dating last June, were all smiles as they pulled up to the Middleton family’s 18-acre estate in a gray Audi, with Harry, 32, behind the wheel and Markle, 35, sitting in the passenger seat. The picture, which is the first to emerge of the pair together over the weekend, does not show what Markle wore to the reception.

As Us Weekly previously reported, the Suits actress did not attend Middleton, 33, and Matthews’ wedding at the St. Mark’s Church in Englefield, Berkshire, England, but Harry made a 100-mile round-trip to Kensington Palace to pick up his girlfriend for the reception later in the day.

Related: Prince Harry's Hottest Moments! Despite being the younger brother of Prince William, Prince Harry has captured the public's attention for his sexy antics — see his best moments from 2006 on

The affair marks the first event Markle has attended with the royal family. “They will be engaged by the end of summer,” a source exclusively told Us of Harry and Markle in March, adding, “They see a life together.”

Related: 15 Charming Throwback Photos of the Royal Family Us Weekly rounds up 15 charming throwback photos of the British royal family from the '80s and '90s — see unexpectedly adorable and silly pics of Prince William and Prince Harry here

For the time being, the Los Angeles native has continued to film her USA Network legal drama, though “no one gets the impression she’s staying on the show much longer,” a second insider told Us. “They believe she’s going to marry Harry.”
Still it’s hard not to see that S.N.L. has its favorite children. In 2002, the entire cast stopped to pay homage to Will Ferrell. When Andy Samberg and Kristen Wiig left the show in 2012, it was Wiig alone who got a massive, emotional farewell featuring Mick Jagger. (According to Lorne Michaels, Samberg and wasn’t quite sure about his departures at the time.) And in addition to their tearful farewells at the end of their episodes in 2013, Bill Hader and Fred Armisen each got goodbye sketches tailored to their particular tastes—a star-studded Stefon wedding for Hader and a musical-star-studded number for Armisen. And in 2014, a departing Seth Meyers was greeted by ghosts of “Weekend Update” past as he gave his final news report mid-season.

You could argue that Bayer, Moynihan, and certainly the under-used Zamata were never S.N.L. stars the way Ferrell, Wiig, Hader, Armisen, and Meyers were. They’re more on-par with the likes of Rachel Dratch, Chris Parnell, and Horatio Sanz who were all cut—without any on-air ado—for budgetary reasons in 2006. “It still stung a little because you don’t ever want to be let go,” Parnell told Vulture years later. “I was a little burnt out, so it was all right.”

But what’s also true about this new, well-watched era of Saturday Night Live is that the likes of Moynihan, Bayer, and Zamata have even less of a chance than they did before of breaking out the way stars of S.N.L. past did. S.N.L. hit ratings and critical gold this year by leaning heavily on Baldwin and Melissa McCarthy to recur in their show-stopping sketches. Baldwin joked during The Rock’s monologue this week, “What a season this has been. . .for me . . .I can’t take all the credit. What do you call those pale people who take the subway?” “The writers,” Johnson joked back. It was a funny acknowledgment of the excessive attention Baldwin has received, but the joke landed so well because it’s rooted in the truth that, even more than usual, the S.N.L. cast felt like supporting players this year. When The Rock’s episode of S.N.L. ended on the West Coast this week, an old re-run with Jim Carrey and, fittingly, Soundgarden, it was a shock to see the political cold open featuring Bob Dole, Ted Koppel, and Bill Clinton played entirely by existing cast members Darrell Hammond (doing double duty) and Norm McDonald. It’s easy to forget that, no pun intended, that was once the norm.

That shift of focus to celebrity guest stars became apparent in a recent Hollywood Reporter cover story when producer Steve Higgins said that after Baldwin was hired, he felt bad for “poor Darrell [Hammond],” who came out of S.N.L. retirement to replace Don Pardo as the show’s announcer in 2014, and played Trump for much of 2016. And writer Kent Sublette points out that if Melissa McCarthy hadn’t been tapped to play Sean Spicer, “it would have gone to Beck [Bennett]. He has an amazing impression. In fact, he reads Spicer for the read-through because Melissa’s not usually there.” With the exception of Kate McKinnon and, I’d argue, Kenen Thompson (by sheer dint of endurance), the S.N.L. talent isn’t rising up the ranks the way it once did. Even Leslie Jones—who has certainly become a household name—owes most of her fame to her own hustle outside of S.N.L. on social media and in last year’s Ghostbusters. Like Zamata, she’s rarely well-deployed in sketches.
Is Dwayne Johnson running for president in 2020? The actor has yet to confirm the widespread rumors of a presidential run, but on The Graham Norton Show recently he suggested why a campaign might be difficult. His co-star in the upcoming film Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle, Kevin Hart, he says, would “completely sabotage the campaign.”

“Here’s the problem. It’s been very flattering that there’s been this really interesting uptick in public opinion wanting that to happen, but the problem is this guy to my right would completely sabotage the campaign,” Johnson said when asked about his political plans for 2020 during a group discussion with Hart, Jessica Chastain, Jack Black and Rebel Wilson.

Hart emphatically agreed: “100 percent.”

“I will take you down. I don’t want it to happen because it would make you that much better than me, and I just don’t want that to happen,” he joked with his friend and co-star.

When Norton pressed Chastain on whether she would be a “cheerleader” for Johnson, she said she definitely would. “Have you seen his Instagram?” she asked.

Rebel Wilson also chimed in, telling Norton she would be “prepared to donate” to a potential Johnson campaign.

The rumors of a Johnson presidential run picked up steam after the actor told GQ that he thinks a campaign is “a real possibility” in June. In October Johnson continued to fan the flames of fan speculation when he commented, “I think ‘The People’s President’ has a really nice ring to that. I’ll just say that,” on a panel at Los Angeles Comic Con.

Johnson and Hart appeared on The Graham Norton Show to promote Jumanji, which will be released in theaters Dec. 20.
“When I read the script for Episode VIII, I went, ‘Oh my God, we’re going back?’ Because I said I was never going back,” Hamill told me when I sat down with him recently at his home in Malibu. He wondered, in vain, if they could drop him in by chopper this time, “which is so clueless of me, because there’s no landing pad, and it would mar the beauty of it all,” he said. Hamill is a youthful 65 but a sexagenarian nevertheless; whereas the fit young members of the crew were given 45 minutes to get up to the now iconic Rey-Luke meeting spot—carrying heavy equipment—Hamill was allotted an hour and a half, “and I had to stop every 10, 15 minutes to rest.”

None of this was offered up in the form of complaint. Hamill just happens to be a rambling, expansive talker—in his own way, as endearingly offbeat a character as his friend and on-screen twin sister, Carrie Fisher, who passed away suddenly and tragically last December. Like Fisher, Hamill was put on a diet-and-exercise regimen after he was reconscripted into the Star Wars franchise. (Harrison Ford was under less obligation, having retained his leading-man shape because he never stopped being a leading man.) Over a spartan snack plate of carrot sticks and hummus, the man behind Luke held forth at length on this subject.

Watch the video below for a behind-the-scenes look at Annie Leibovitz’s photo shoot with The Last Jedi cast and crew.

“You just cut out all the things you love,” he said. “Something as basic as bread and butter, which I used to start every meal with. Sugar. No more candy bars. No more stops at In-N-Out. It’s really just a general awareness, because in the old days I’d go, ‘Well, I’m not that hungry, but oh, here’s a box of Wheat Thins,’ and you don’t put the Wheat Thins in the same category as Lay’s potato chips, and yet I would sort of idly, absentmindedly eat these things while watching Turner Classic Movies, and ‘Oh, I ate the whole box!’ ”

Hamill had been dieting and training for 50 weeks before he learned, via the Episode VII script he finally received from Abrams, that he would not appear in the movie until its last scene, and in a nonspeaking part at that. On this, too, he has a lot of thoughts. Though he grants that the delayed-gratification reveal of Luke was a narrative masterstroke, he’d have done things differently if he’d had his druthers. Han Solo’s death scene, for example. Why couldn’t Luke have made his first appearance around then? In the finished film, the witnesses to Han’s death, at the hands of his own son, the brooding dark-side convert Kylo Ren (Adam Driver), are his longtime Wookiee co-pilot, Chewbacca, and the upstart Resistance fighters Rey and Finn (John Boyega).
The reality TV star gave her final rose to either Garrett or Blake.

Reality TV star Becca Kufrin will be walking down the aisle after all.

In the season finale, "The Bachelorette" viewers watched as Kufrin got engaged to Garrett Yrigoyen on a beach in the Maldives.

After Kufrin admitted to Yrigoyen that she was in love with him, the Reno, Nevada-based sales representative dropped to one knee and asked her to marry him.

"Sorry fellas, she's off the market, she's all mine!" he ecstatically told the cameras after.

"There's so much that I want to do with you!" she told her new fiancé. "I want to get a Costco membership with you, and I want to have your kids... everything!"

Going into Monday night's finale, just two men remained on the ABC reality TV show: Yrigoyen and runner-up Blake Horstmann.

After surviving shocking twists and turns, and a journey filled with laughter, tears, love and controversy, Becca heads to the Maldives with her final two bachelors: Blake and Garrett on "The Bachelorette." Paul Hebert/ABC

Horstmann, who met with jeweler Neil Lane to select an engagement ring for Kufrin prior to their break-up, was devastated when the Bachelorette explained to him that her feelings for Yrigoyen were stronger. Sobbing, he tried to make sense of the split during a confessional.

"I did love her," he said. "I just thought she loved me back."

Meanwhile, Kufrin struggled with how much she hurt Horstmann, especially because she could empathize with his situation. Kufrin was famously blindsided earlier this year when former Bachelor Arie Luyendyk Jr. ended their engagement on-camera. However, she also understands that the split was a necessary part of the process.

Becca Kufrin and Garrett Yrigoyen are pictured on "The Bachelorette." Paul Hebert/ABC

Becca Kufrin and Garrett Yrigoyen are pictured on "The Bachelorette." Paul Hebert/ABC

"It's impossible to really prepare yourself for a goodbye," she said. "I do love Blake. He made me feel hopeful. He made me feel love again. But Garrett's the one for me. He's gonna be my teammate. He's gonna be the best partner. He's gonna stand by me every single day. He would be somebody that I could see my dad loving so much."

"I can picture it all: I can picture us being together," she continued. "I can picture kids and him driving around in a minivan. And I can picture us taking care of one another whenever we're sick. God, I'm so ready for this."
Khloe Kardashian is teaching her sister a lesson.

The 32-year-old reality star pulls a prank on sister Kourtney Kardashian in a new promo for Sunday's Keeping Up With the Kardashians.

RELATED: Khloe Kardashian Blows Kisses With North West and Penelope Disick in Cute Video

"What I've been finding that's been escalating and escalating and escalating is how f**king annoying Kourtney is with just doing anything," Khloe tells her mom, Kris Jenner, in the clip.

"I've watched her spend three days picking a paint color as if it's her full-time job," Kris says, prompting Khloe to take action.

"I know she's meeting us here, so I'm going to pretend that you and I are driving and we're not here yet," Khloe reveals. "I'm just going to be like, 'Wait, hold on, we changed our mind we're going somewhere else.'"

"Oh, this is giving me life!" Kris laughs. "This is amazing!"

RELATED: Khloe Kardashian Posts Hilarious Video of Kendall Jenner Falling Off a Bicycle -- 'My Work Here Is Done'

Khloe then calls Kourtney to give her a taste of her own medicine.

"Go to Casa Vega, I know it's far, but take your ass over there," she tells Kourtney, before switching up her restaurant choice again.

WATCH: Scott Disick and Bella Thorne Kiss Poolside While Kourtney Kardashian Jumps on Jet Ski With Younes Bendjima

Kourtney, unsurprisingly, isn't pleased with Khloe's trick.

"I'm so hungry!" she yells into the phone. "I don't have the time! We can go to any restaurant!"

Kourtney is currently in Cannes, France, living it up with sister Kendall Jenner, and her rumored boyfriend, Younes Bendjima.

See more in the video below.
Stop what you’re doing and gather round, because actress Sarah Hyland has something very important she wants to get off her chest. The Modern Family star has faced harsh criticism over her weight from a number of fans, with some even going as far to say that she’s suffering from anorexic. But enough is enough, with Sarah taking to Twitter to set the record straight…

"I'd like to address something that has not only been brought up on Twitter but has been heavily discussed by all of you in my Instagram comments. That something is my weight,” she wrote on May 25. “I normally don't comment on things like this because it draws attention to those trying to spread negativity but I'm here to explain a few things and spread love.” Sarah, 26 – who has previously struggled with kidney dysplasia and needed a kidney transplant in 2012 – explained that she has been dealing with health issues, and that any weightloss can be put down to them.

And while she didn’t go into specifics, she did say that this past year hasn’t been “the greatest for her” and that it brought a lot of changes – physically and mentally. “I am not a fan of ‘being skinny,’ ” she continued. “‘Eat a burger,’ ‘Your head is bigger than your body and that’s disgusting’… And you’re right! No-one’s head should be bigger than their body but considering I’ve basically been on bed rest for the past few months, I’ve lost a lot of muscle mass." "My circumstances have put me in a place where I’m not in control of what my body looks like.”
From there, you transition to the leg press machine , but instead of placing your feet hip-width apart, you put them close together so that your knees are touching. This instruction was a bit of red flag, because having your feet closer together can put more pressure on your joints and make it more difficult to move the weight, Stone says. "There is no major advantage to doing the leg press with your feet together; it just works different muscle groups," she says. For me, it was a little too hard to successfully do the leg press with my feet together. If you need a challenge on this machine, it's probably best to use a heavier weight and keep a neutral stance in your feet so you don't sacrifice form.
Image: Ariana Grande via Instagram

Ariana Grande has written a letter to her fans in the wake of the tragedy at her concert in Manchester this week, where 22 people were killed by a suicide bomber.

In the essay shared on her Instagram and Twitter accounts, Ariana revealed she’s planning a benefit concert in Manchester to honour the victims and raise money for their families.

“My heart, prayers, and deepest condolences are with the victims of the Manchester Attack and their loved ones. There is nothing I or anyone can do to take away the pain you are feeling or to make this better,” she began. “However, I extend my hand and heart and everything I possibly can give to you and yours, should you want or need my help in any way. The only thing we can do now is choose how we let this affect us and how we live our lives from here on out.”

“I am sorry for the pain and fear that you must be feeling and for the trauma that you, too, must be experiencing,” she continued.

“We will never be able to understand why events like this take place because it is not in our nature, which is why we shouldn’t recoil. We will not quit or operate in fear. We won’t let this divide us. We won’t let hate win.”

Grande then revealed her plans to return to Manchester to perform a benefit concert.

“I don’t want to go the rest of the year without being able to see and hold and uplift my fans, the same way they continue to uplift me. Our response to this violence must be to come closer together, to help each other, to love more, to sing louder and to live more kindly and generously than we did before,” she said.

“I’ll be returning to the incredibly brave city of Manchester to spend time with my fans and to have a benefit concert in honor of and to raise money for the victims and their families.

“I want to thank my fellow musicians and friends for reaching out to be a part of our expression of love for Manchester. I will have details to share with you as soon as everything is confirmed.”

Image: Ariana Grande via Instagram

The Side To Side singer said the attack on her and her fans was the exact opposite of what she wanted her Dangerous Woman tour to be – a place for them to feel safe and be carefree.

“From the day we started putting the Dangerous Woman Tour together, I said that this show, more than anything else, was intended to be a safe space for my fans.

“A place for them to escape, to celebrate, to heal, to feel safe and to be themselves. To meet their friends they’ve made online. To express themselves. This will not change that.

“When you look into the audience at my shows, you see a beautiful, diverse, pure, happy crowd. Thousands of people, incredibly different, all there for the same reason, music.”

She urged people to find comfort in music following the attack.

“Music is something that everyone on Earth can share. Music is meant to heal us, to bring us together, to make us happy. So that is what it will continue to do for us.

“We will continue in honor of the ones we lost, their loved ones, my fans, and all affected by this tragedy. They will be on my mind and in my heart every day and I will think of them with everything I do for the rest of my life.”

Grande cancelled scheduled shows in London and some European cities in the next week. It has not been confirmed whether the Dangerous Woman tour will continue.
Scott Disick is keeping the party going!

The 34-year-old reality star was spotted kissing yet another woman at his villa in Cannes, France, on Saturday.

WATCH: Scott Disick Frolics With 2 More Girls After Bella Thorne and Ex Chloe Bartoli – See the Pics!

INSTARimages

The brunette beauty is the fifth girl Disick has been photographed with since he arrived in Cannes on Monday.

WATCH: Bella Thorne Says She's Doing 'Legit Nothing' With Scott Disick After He's Spotted With Another Woman

The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star made out with Bella Thorne on Wednesday, former fling Chloe Bartoli on Thursday, and on Friday, was canoodling with Ella Ross and Maggie Petrova.

His ex, Kourtney Kardashian, meanwhile, left Cannes on Friday with her rumored boyfriend, Younes Bendjima.

See more in the video below.
Article Summary

X

To make a neat and tidy top knot bun, comb your hair back from your forehead and pull it into a high ponytail, close to the top of your head. Secure the ponytail in place with an elastic hairband. Next, divide the hair into two equal sections. To make them smoother and easier to work with, work a little mousse or styling cream through each of the sections. Grab the sections in both hands and twist them around each other, passing one over the other until the entire length of your ponytail makes one long, twisted section. Take the twisted hair and wrap it clockwise around the elastic at the base of your ponytail. Tuck the end of the hair under the topknot, then pin the knot in place with several bobby pins that match your hair color. Spritz the bun with hairspray to give it extra hold and prevent fly-aways. If you want a messier, more voluminous topknot, back-comb your ponytail before you wrap it. Put your hair into a ponytail like you would for a regular topknot, then divide it into four sections. Grab each section one at a time and hold it straight up, then gently work a comb backwards down the length of the hair to tease it up. When you’re done, use a brush to gently smooth the very top layer of the ponytail, which will make your backcombed hair easier to work with. Take your ponytail and wrap it clockwise around the elastic hairband, then tuck the end of the ponytail under the elastic. Pin your messy bun in place with several bobby pins that match your hair. You can also create a fuller-looking topknot using a hair doughnut. Slide the doughnut over the base of your ponytail, then backcomb your hair like you would for a messy topknot. Wrap your hair clockwise around the doughnut, making sure to cover the doughnut completely. Tuck the end of the ponytail under the doughnut and pin it in place with bobby pins. Spray on some hairspray to help keep your topknot in place. If you want to learn more from our Cosmetologist co-author, like how to use a hair donut to help shape your bun, keep reading!
“Keith and I are pretty strict with the boundaries on what we allow, in terms of work, into our home,” the 51-year-old told Grazia magazine. “I just got the office out of my house, and it’s the best thing I’ve ever done. We don’t even have a TV in our bedroom; we’re that couple. And no computers in the bed.”

Getty Images

She added that she and her country crooner hubby are particularly strict about what projects they choose, now that they’re parents to daughters Sunday Rose, 10, and Faith, 7. “The thing you really learn when you have children and a career — and particularly when you’re an older mother — is the preciousness of time, and therefore trying to balance everything and be willing to say no to things,” she told the publication, before adding that she’s “not willing” to miss bedtime.

In a new interview, Keith admitted that he’s so head-over-heels for his wife that watching her character, Celeste Wright, be abused on the hit show Big Little Lies was difficult. “It’s hard because she really tells her story,” Keith admitted to The London Evening Standard. “I love how committed she is, though, in telling her stories. She had the bruises to prove it.”

Getty Images

Despite the agony he felt watching his wife, he’s very supportive of her craft. In fact, he even creates his schedule based around where she’s filming. “We have a tutor that travels with us, so if Nic’s shooting a film for any long period of time, even if I’m touring, we can almost always relocate to wherever she is. And I’ll go to and from there. We just make the rhythm work so we can be together.” boundaries

Back in 2016, Keith gushed about the life he’s built with his adorable family. “Meeting her and getting married wasn’t life-changing, it was life-beginning,” he told CBS News. “It was literally, like, ‘OK, life starts.’”
Married at First Sight's Tom Wilson and Lillian Vilchez are calling it quits on their marriage.

"After much thought and reflection, and after being married for over a year, we have decided to file for a divorce. This was not an easy decision for either of us because we do love each other very much but sometimes God has other plans," the pair tells PEOPLE in an exclusive statement. "This is the route we have decided to take, and all we request is that you respect our privacy in this delicate matter. Divorce is never easy for anyone, especially not such a public one."

Lillian Vilchez and Tom Wilson. Courtesy A&E

The pair add that they "remain best of friends and will always be there for each other even if we are not married. We plan to continue to grow our relationship, just without a piece of paper binding us together. We appreciate all the love and support you have all shown us during our marriage and hope you continue to support us during this time."

Lillian Vilchez and Tom Wilson. Courtesy A&E

After their split was announced, Vilchez shared the couple's joint statement to Instagram — where she added "@tomyachts Still love you though!" — and also opened up about their decision to call it quits.

"Someone can be madly in love with you and still not be ready. They can love you in a way you have never been loved and still not join you on the bridge. And whatever their reasons you must leave. Because you never ever have to inspire anyone to meet you on the bridge," she penned in her post.

"You never ever have to convince someone to do the work to be ready. There is more extraordinary love, more love that you have never seen, out here in this wide and wild universe. And there is the love that will be ready," she concluded.

FROM PEN: Christina and Tarek El Moussa's Divorce Has Not Stopped Their Business Relationship

Vilchez, a 25-year-old real estate agent, and Wilson, a 29-year-old yacht interior specialist, met for the first time as they walked down the aisle on Lifetime's hit social experiment show (produced by Kinetic content).

"They tried to make it work. They really, really did," a source close to the couple — who wed on April 2, 2016 — tells PEOPLE. "I've never seen two people fight for their marriage like they have, but at the end of the day, they realized they are moving in different directions. On paper, they are truly the perfect match but life got in the way."

Though the duo certainly had many sweet moments as newlyweds, they also butted heads over their future together, with Vilchez often feeling insecure about her husband's commitment to their marriage.

The current season of Married at First Sight airs Thursdays (9 p.m. ET) on Lifetime.
The inner workings of the human mind are a mystery, and there are tons of celebrities who should write a tell-all so we can have a little peek inside. The best chance you have to get to know anyone is through either having a one-on-one conversation or by reading their tell-all book, should they be so nice as to write one. The stories trapped inside the minds of the famous people on this are the larger-than-life ones we definitely want to read. Put on your reading glasses and crack open this list of celebrities who NEED to write a tell-all.

We’re putting all of these unwritten celebrity tell-alls on our Christmas list – if you’re a celebrity and you’re reading this, close your computer, pick up the pen, and get to work! If you’re not a celebrity, vote on which celebrity tell-all books you would want to read.
Freeform and ABC stations will air Sunday’s Ariana Grande benefit concert in Manchester, England in the U.S.

ABC morning show Good Morning America said Friday morning that viewers could watch the concert on “many of our ABC stations after the NBA Finals and also on Freeform live,” advising viewers to check their local listings.

The star-studded One Love Manchester event will start on Sunday at 7 p.m. U.K. time/2 p.m. ET and raise money for the victims of the bomb attack.

Grande will be joined by such big names as Justin Bieber, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, Coldplay, Pharrell Williams, Usher, Niall Horan and Take That at Manchester’s Old Trafford Cricket Grounds, less than two weeks after a bomber killed 22 people after a Grande concert in the city.

Freeform is the network formerly known as ABC Family, which focuses on teenagers and young adults. Freeform and ABC are both part of the Walt Disney Co.

Freeform, formerly known as ABC Family and also owned by ABC parent the Walt Disney Company, will air the full concert live at 2 p.m. ET/PT, while ABC will air a one-hour highlight special following the NBA Finals. TV coverage is being produced by the BBC, the host broadcaster that had previously announced TV and radio coverage in the U.K.

BBC Worldwide, the commercial arm of the BBC, said that as of mid-day Friday U.K. time, networks in 38 countries across five continents had agreed to air the concert.

“This Sunday, when Ariana Grande and her friends return to the stage, the world will stand united with families in Manchester and across the United Kingdom,” Disney ABC Television Group president and Disney Media Networks co-chairman Ben Sherwood said in a statement. “ABC and Freeform look forward to sharing the music community’s message of love, hope and resilience.”

All net ticket proceeds from the show will go towards the We Love Manchester Emergency Fund set up by the Manchester City Council in partnership with the British Red Cross.

In Canada, Bell Media will air Ariana Grande’s benefit concert live and commercial-free from 1:55 p.m. to 5 p.m. ET on its CTV, Much and VRAK channels, using the BBC feed from Manchester. “We’re proud to make this concert available on multiple platforms so that Canadians can pay their respects and support our friends in the United Kingdom,” Randy Lennox, Bell Media president, said in a statement.

Etan Vlessing contributed to this report.

June 2, 7:08 a.m. PT This story has been updated with more details about Sunday’s U.S. and Canadian TV coverage.
Joan Rivers, who would have turned 84 on June 8, lives on — in new books, on QVC, and now in a PETA campaign urging animal adoption, using one of her trademark jokes.

Joan Rivers PETA Ad

“A study says owning a dog makes you 10 years younger,” she says. “My first thought was to rescue 2 more, but I don’t want to go through menopause again.”

The ad, featuring a photo supplied by Rivers’ daughter, Melissa Rivers, shows her entangled with a dog on a leash. “I love rescues and runts,” Rivers told People magazine in 2010. “It’s always the one that gets pushed aside that needs the love and will love you back that much more.”

Rivers, who credited her dog Spike with saving her life after her husband’s suicide, assisted PETA with numerous campaigns over the years. She helped PETA lobby the New York City Council to pass bills increasing licensing fees for unneutered animals and prohibiting dogs from being chained outside, she hosted PETA’s Passover hotline to promote vegan ham — or “pork even a Jew can eat” — and she helped PETA unveil Melissa’s anti-fur billboard in Times Square.

Every year, more than 6 million dogs and cats end up in U.S. animal shelters, and half of them must be euthanized because there aren’t enough good homes for them. Countless more end up on the street, where they may starve, freeze, get hit by cars, or endure abuse. PETA encourages caring people to adopt from local animal shelters and never buy from breeders or pet stores, which only exacerbate the homeless-animal overpopulation crisis.
Teen Mom OG’s Ryan Edwards checked himself into rehab during his wife’s pregnancy.

The 30-year-old MTV star was absent from Monday night’s episode, but his wife, Mackenzie Standifer, revealed where the father of two was when a producer, David, asked.

“He has checked himself into a longterm — ” Standifer began to say before allowing her mother-in-law, Jen, to explain.

“It’s called a 90-day intensive rehab facility,” Jen said. “We can’t talk to him for seven days. They’re pretty strict. Two phone calls a week, 10 minutes [for each phone call].”

Edwards’ father, Larry, added that the reality star “just knew he needed to go.”

“He picked the [rehab] place. He wants to do better, he wants to get better,” Larry explained.

Jen added, “It is a relapse or a slip, whatever they want to call it. I think that’s why he realized before it gets out of control he needs to get a hold on it.”

“It was about to spiral bad,” Standifer said. “Right before he left he said his kids deserve to have the healthiest dad. What better time to go than now?”

Jen and Larry asked Standifer, who has 4-year-old son Hudson from a previous relationship, how she was feeling during her pregnancy without Edwards by her side.

Mackenzie Edwards/Instagram

“If I did not love Ryan I would call him the most selfish a—— ever for missing this,” she said. “[But] if he’s going to miss [the baby] being born but be healthy forever, what more could I ask for?”

The conversation soon turned to Edwards’ 10-year-old son, Bentley, whom he shares with ex-girlfriend Maci Bookout, and whether he knew his father was in rehab.

Larry and Jen said Bentley and Bookout were not aware of Edwards being in rehab but explained they were waiting for the right time to tell him.

“We are going to talk to him,” Jen said. “It makes me sad because he’s going to miss his dad. I’m not sure what Maci’s talked to him about or what he’s heard, but I haven’t told her that he’s back in rehab.”

“I want to talk to Bentley and explain to him: Just because you’re an addict doesn’t make you a bad person,” she continued. “I don’t really know how much to tell a 9½-year-old.” (Bentley was 9½ at the time of filming but turned 10 on Oct. 27.)

Larry said he had no qualms about being open with Bentley about his father’s struggles with addiction.

“I’m going to be totally honest [with Bentley], that’s my plan,” Larry explained. “But I want him to hear it from us first before he hears it from anybody else.”

Edwards checked into rehab in early October, according to Us Weekly. Standifer gave birth to their first child together — son Jagger Ryan Edwards — on Oct. 9, PEOPLE confirmed.

The reality TV pair secretly tied the knot before Edwards headed to rehab back in May, and they exchanged vows at a church ceremony in November 2017.

In an April episode of Teen Mom OG, Mackenzie confirmed her pregnancy when she showed a positive test to producer Jeni, who quickly hugged and congratulated her.

When asked if her husband was happy, Mackenzie said, “[He] was so excited, he couldn’t contain himself.”

Teen Mom OG airs Mondays (9 p.m. ET) on MTV.
Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell have called it quits.

"It is with heavy hearts that we announce our decision to go our separate ways," they tell PEOPLE in an exclusive statement. "We feel fortunate for the time we had together, and will remain friends with much love and respect for one another. We wish nothing but the best for each other, and ask for your support and understanding at this time."

The couple met on Higgins' season of The Bachelor, which premiered in January 2016. Higgins, 29, ultimately offered his final rose and proposed to Bushnell, 27 — but not without a little controversy after he famously told both finalists — Bushnell and JoJo Fletcher — that he loved them during the Fantasy Suites episode.

Nevertheless, the two did their best to overcome their issues together and Bushnell moved to Higgins' hometown of Denver shortly after going public with their engagement following the season finale, which aired in March.

Of Higgins declaration of love to both women, Bushnell told PEOPLE exclusively at the time that "post-filming was more of an emotional roller coaster than the actual show."

"I fall more in love with Ben every day and it's hard to separate what happened long ago and my current feelings," she said. "It's confusing. It does wear on me."

"It hurts," she added. "It's like, why did I have to go through that hurt? It's already a few months of confusion and tears and then to have to deal with it again. It's hard."

Higgins, meanwhile, told PEOPLE he couldn't apologize "for being honest or expressing what I thought was the best thing to express at the time."

"Don't get us wrong. Throughout this whole show airing and conversations we've had about decisions and life, it hasn't always been easy," he continued. "But it's added a whole new level to our relationship. And [the show ultimately] led me to this woman who I love deeply. She's the only woman I'll love from now on."

FROM PEN: Christina and Tarek El Moussa's Divorce Has Not Stopped Their Business Relationship

Six months later, Higgins and Bushnell returned to the small screen for one season of their Freeform reality show Ben and Lauren: Happily Ever After?

Ahead of the premiere, the two revealed exclusively to PEOPLE in October that they were undergoing couples counseling at their church: "We're not the perfect couple," Higgins said. "Far from it! But we are trying really hard and we love each other a lot."

"There are so many weird elements to being in a relationship after The Bachelor," said Bushnell. "We've gotten in arguments like any other couple, but about some things that other couples wouldn't have to fight about, like the fact that we met when he was dating other women. You can say that's what I signed up for, but it's still real life and it's still hard."

And overcoming trust issues that lingered after the Fletcher drama wasn't easy, either.

"For a long time, I was really angry for being blindsided," said Bushnell. "And that resentment and anger affected our relationship much longer than it should have."

Ultimately, the two always maintained they were "not in any rush" to tie the knot.

"We're both ready to get married, but we haven't set a date because we want to make sure we're not doing it for anyone but ourselves," said Bushnell.

"We just want to do it on our own terms," added Higgins. "I just want to look over at Lauren and know that she is completely filled with joy in that moment. … Love is what life is all about."
Ariana Grande is resuming her Dangerous Woman world tour.

The 23-year-old singer is set to perform in Paris, France, on Wednesday, her first tour stop since a suicide bomber killed 22 people following her concert in Manchester, England, on May 22. Grande Instagrammed a picture of the Eiffel Tower, and said she was still thinking of those who lost their lives during the concert tragedy.

"First show back tonight. Thinking of our angels every step of the way," she wrote. "I love you with all my heart. Grateful for and incredibly proud of my band, dancers and entire crew. I love you I love you."

NEWS: Ariana Grande Visits Fans Injured in Manchester Attack at the Hospital -- See the Heartwarming Pics

Grande canceled scheduled tour stops in London, Belgium, Germany, Poland and Switzerland following the bombing, and made her return to the stage during her star-studded One Love Manchester benefit concert on Sunday. The singer closed the show with a rendition of "Somewhere Over the Rainbow," which she's now released as a single with all proceeds going to the victims.

On Tuesday, she Instagrammed a moving video of a baby crying while watching her emotional performance, appearing to be overwhelmed.

WATCH: Ariana Grande and Mac Miller Duet at One Love Manchester Benefit Concert, Spark Engagement Rumors With Huge Ring

Watch the video below to see Grande also close the show with all of the performers on Sunday- - including Miley Cyrus, Katy Perry, Coldplay, Justin Bieber and Pharrell Williams -- singing her hit, "One Last Time."
Mary J. Blige has been ordered to pay her estranged husband Martin “Kendu” Isaacs $30,000/month in temporary spousal support, according to various reports.

The singer, 46, filed for divorce in July 2016 after 12 years of marriage. Despite Blige’s attempts to argue that their prenuptial agreement waived any spousal support, she’ll have to pay Isaacs dating back to September, according to E! Online.

Isaacs originally requested for $129,319 per month, but a judge ordered a lot less be paid.

In April, Blige claimed in court documents obtained by PEOPLE that Isaacs spent more than $420,000 during their marriage on “travel charges” that involved his girlfriend, not her.

Blige also claimed that Isaacs drives a Mercedes that she pre-paid the lease on and that he refuses to turn over possession of her “Grammy and other achievement awards.”

WATCH: Hillary Clinton Talks to Mary J. Blige About the Difficulties Women Face Being ‘Tough and Likable’

The singer said she had long been the only bread-winner in the family and that she is burdened with more than $10,000,000 in debt.

While the couple does not have any children together, Blige has been a stepmother to Kendu’s children – Briana, Jordan and Nas – from a former relationship since they wed in 2003.

“I am not responsible for supporting [Martin’s] parents and his children from another relationship which he lists as ongoing monthly expenses,” Blige stated in the court documents.

TMZ first reported the news.
Chloe Lukasiak just turned 16 and she celebrated the milestone in a major way!

The birthday girl and Dance Moms star hosted a sweet 16 bash on Wednesday night (June 7) at a super chic mansion in the Hollywood Hills.

Chloe invited all of closest friends, including Forever In Your Mind‘s Ricky Garcia and R5‘s Rydel Lynch, and JJJ even scored an invite!

Other guests included Noah Urrea (who just hosted his own amazing Sweet 16), Madisyn Shipman, Ethan Wacker, Joshua Rush and Dylan Bernard.

During the party, guests noshed on delicious mini hamburgers, chicken fingers and mac and cheese, and sipped on custom mocktails.

Guests also had the chance get their nails done, take pics in the photo booth and get flash tattoos!

After Chloe‘s mom presented her with a gorgeous flower cake, some party-goers decided to start a dance party that ended with Ricky getting thrown in the pool!

Needless to say, Chloe‘s birthday bash was an amazing evening!

Check out our exclusive video from inside Chloe‘s party below..
Fans were shocked when former "Bachelor" Nick Viall announced he and fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi were ending their engagement after less than a year together.

The couple got engaged after a whirlwind courtship during Viall's turn as the titular "Bachelor" and now days after the announcement was made, he is speaking out about how he's been coping with the breakup.

"I still love her very much. I'm not afraid to say that," the reality star told Us Weekly.

The couple stepped out at the MTV Movie and TV Awards during happier times in their relationship. David Crotty / Patrick McMullan/Getty Image

"My friends, my family and Vanessa and I are still very much each other's support system," Viall continued. "We're trying to do that and it's a challenge at times, but we still realize that we're there for each other."

He also mentioned the mental toll the split has taken.

"It's obviously easy to get insecure and feel bad about yourself," he said. "You get in your head about things when things aren't working out for you."

For Viall, leaning on friends has been important during a difficult time.

"In times that aren't great, you have to kind of spend time with your loved ones," Viall told the magazine. "I'm trying to stay positive, being around friends and family. It helps me stay positive."

For her part, Grimaldi also appears to be leaning on friends. She posted a photo to Instagram with the caption, "It's okay to feel broken. It's okay to cry. It's okay to lean on a friend. In the end, it will always be okay."
Image Courtesy: Pinterest

Gabrielle Union is a Hollywood bombshell! Apart from her down to earth, lovable personality the whole world adores her hairstyles. She has been trending with her latest hairstyles and definitely owns her crown. From bobs to braids, she has been our hairstyle inspiration. You might think her hairstyles are difficult to recreate but her hairstyle secrets will make it easy for you!

1. Golden Waves

She stepped out at the Hip-Hop summit event in Beverly Hills rocking this soft wavy hairstyle. We agree plain waves can get boring. Her secret? Add a dash of colour to your Darling Daniela Weave . These golden brown highlights enhance the hairstyle and the overall look.

2. Side Knots

Here she shows the world that she can wear her natural hair like a queen. The edgy twist here are the Bantu knots on the side. According to her hairstylist Wankaya, you can easily recreate this style by sectioning your side hair and twisting them into small knots and pinning the rest of your ‘fro back into a roughly packed bun.

3. Sculpted Top Knot

She looked funky yet classy with her sculpted top knot at the Piaget independent film celebration. This look is easy to recreate, though you may have a problem taming the baby hair and flyaways. The solution to this? Easy! Take a dime-sized amount of hair gel and smooth it over your baby-hair. It will tame the flyaways, giving you a chick, defined look.

4. Weaving It Right

Any of you can slay a Darling Milly Weave hairstyle if you work it correctly! Her weave hairstyles are always minimalistic and classy. Here is her advice to all of you. “You have to take care of them like they’re your real hair like they’re growing out of your head and too much heat really damages it”

Tried all of these? Now it’s time to try some other celebrity hairstyles! Check out 3 Mind-blowing Hairstyles Of Natalie Becker and try them yourself.
A rep for the actress said she was flying from Louisville, Kentucky.

— -- Jennifer Lawrence is safe after a private plane in which she was riding was forced to make an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York on Saturday.

A rep for the actress confirmed to ABC News that “The Hunger Games" star was leaving her hometown of Louisville, Kentucky on Saturday after visiting family.

While mid-flight at 31,000 feet, one of the private plane's engines failed, the rep confirmed, causing the pilots to make the emergency landing in Buffalo.

During the emergency landing, the plane’s second engine failed, the rep confirmed.

The FAA, which traditionally does not release the names of those on board flights, released a statement Sunday about the incident.

"A Hawker Beechcraft B40 aircraft landed safely at Buffalo Niagara International Airport in New York at about 1:40 pm on Saturday," the statement read. "The crew diverted to Buffalo when they declared an emergency due to engine-related issues. The flight was heading to Teterboro Airport in New Jersey from Louisville, Kentucky."

The statement added that the FAA "will investigate" the incident.

The Oscar winner left the alarming incident uninjured, her rep confirmed, despite emergency vehicles awaiting the plane as it landed.

ABC News aviation expert Col. Steve Ganyard said that if all details prove to be true, this is an "extremely rare" incident.

"Airplanes have two engines because occasionally one fails, but two [engines] are not supposed to fail," he said.

Ganyard added that without all of the details, it's hard to determine how serious the incident was.

"But anytime you have both engines on a twin engine airplane stop working, it obviously has the potential for disaster," he said.

Becky Perlow contributed to this report.
Another baby is joining Bachelor Nation. Bekah Martinez, who competed for Arie Luyendyk Jr.’s heart on season 22 of The Bachelor, revealed Wednesday that she is pregnant and expecting her first child with her boyfriend, Grayston Leonard.

Martinez shared the news in an interview with PureWow. “I was in disbelief and thought, ‘Is this really happening?'” Martinez told the site. “I immediately called Grayston and then went across the street to the Dollar Tree and bought two more pregnancy tests. They, of course, were both positive.”

According to Martinez, who has been dating Leonard for seven months, becoming a mother is “legitimately a dream come true.” The 23-year-old elaborated, “It’s the one thing that I’ve known with certainty for so long. I’ve gone back and forth on the idea of marriage and relationships, but I’ve always felt sure that I want to be a mom.”

Martinez’s pregnancy announcement comes months after she was named a castmember on season five of Bachelor in Paradise, which just wrapped its season Tuesday night. Host Chris Harrison had announced her participation during the Bachelorette reunion show earlier this summer, but then her casting never materialized.

It was never explained why she opted not to do the show. Now, Martinez explains that her relationship with Leonard — and their forthcoming bundle of joy — got in the way.

“I think pregnancy is better than Bachelor in Paradise,” she says. “Although I’m probably equally as sweaty, exhausted, nauseous, stressed out and emotional, at least I don’t have to worry about finding a man. I already have that one covered.”

Martinez made headlines back in February when she appeared on a missing persons list while The Bachelor was still airing. Martinez’s mother reported her missing, telling police in November 2017 that she hadn’t communicated with her daughter after she supposedly left to work on a marijuana farm. Martinez later clarified the situation during an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live!.

“I just decided to go to the mountains with my friends for a couple weeks [after filming The Bachelor] and I was there for six or seven days without phone service, which I thought I was going to have phone service and I told my mother that I would,” she explained at the time. “I just had this weird feeling on the sixth or seventh day. ‘I need to go home now.’ So, I got in my car, drove to where I had service, called my parents and then come to find out [that] only 12 hours before, my mother had called the Humboldt Sheriff’s Department saying that I was missing.”

During her chat with PureWow, Martinez joked that she plans to keep her child out of the spotlight to avoid drama: “I don’t really want my child to get reported missing on a weed farm.”

Martinez also made headlines in August when sexual harassment claims surfaced against Bachelor in Paradise star Leo Dottavio, who appeared on Becca Kufrin’s recent season of The Bachelorette.
Julia Stiles and fiancé Preston J. Cook have tied the knot.

A rep for the actress confirmed to TODAY that the pair married in an intimate ceremony with two friends on a Seattle beach over Labor Day weekend.

The "Bourne" film series star, who's expecting her first child with Cook, shared the happy news on Instagram with a pic of her and her new hubby's hands cradling her baby bump — with their new wedding rings sweetly on display.

"Who doesn't love a shotgun wedding?" Stiles, 36, quipped in the caption, adding a winking emoji for good measure.

Preston J. Cook and Julia Stiles, who are expecting their first child together, have tied the knot. Mark Cuthbert / UK Press/Getty Images

The actress, who's been starring in the British "Riviera" limited series, got engaged to actor/cameraman Cook in late 2015.

In January 2016, she proudly showed off her engagement ring on Instagram, gushing, "Best Christmas ever!"

The newlyweds met while working on the 2015 movie "Go With Me."

Last year, Stiles told TODAY's Hoda Kotb and Kathie Lee Gifford that she was surprised when Cook popped the question — though she admitted she very much wanted him to do so.

"We went on a big trip with his entire family over Christmas and New Year's, so I kept saying to myself out loud, like every day, 'Do not ruin a perfectly good vacation by getting your hopes up. Just get it out of your head,'" she revealed with a laugh.

When Hoda asked the "10 Things I Hate About You" star how she knew Cook was the guy for her, the beaming actress replied, "He's just a really good man."

Congratulations to the happy couple!
One of the biggest shopping events of the year is finally here, and with it come tons of massive deals on some of the best health and wellness items out there. (Even ones that rarely go on sale.) Amazon Prime Day started at 3 a.m. ET on July 11 and only runs through 3 a.m. ET on July 13, so you’ll want to start shopping ASAP before all of the top deals are gone (or worse, sold out). To participate, you’ll need to be an Amazon Prime member, but if you’re not one already, you can still sign up for a 30-day free trial. And once you’re a member, you’ll gain access to exclusive members-only deals and other perks, like free one- or two-day shipping.

From a NordicTrack treadmill that’s $200 off to an Oral-B electric toothbrush that’s 50% off to a discounted Dyson air purifier and fan, there are tons of options for upgrading your workout routine, supplementing your skincare regimen, or making your home a cleaner, healthier space.

Best Prime Day Deals on Fitness and Workout Equipment

Amazon

No matter where or how you prefer to work out, there are tons of deals on fitness gear and equipment to help you on your wellness journey. If you’re searching for an upgrade to your home gym, there’s a smart rowing machine for over half off, a NordicTrack treadmill that’s $200 off, and a majorly discounted adjustable weight bench. And to soothe your sore muscles after you exercise, several top massage guns are on sale, including ones from Theragun and Flyby.

Best Prime Day Deals on Healthy Home Items

Amazon

Keeping the space around you clean is just as important as how you move and fuel your body. To make your cleaning routine easier, you can score an iRobot Roomba robot vacuum for $108 off and the brand’s robot mop for $80 off, or opt for a discounted cordless model from Dyson. And now more than ever, you’ll want to be breathing in clean air, so we recommend shopping for one of the many air purifiers on sale, like Dyson’s air purifier and fan combo.

Best Prime Day Deals on Fitness Trackers & Smartwatches

Amazon

If you’d like to track your workout activity, measure body metrics, or simply log your steps, tons of smartwatches and fitness trackers from top brands are on sale. If you’re the rugged, outdoorsy type, you’ll love the Garmin Fenix GX Pro, which has a built-in GPS and is $230 off. And for fitness lovers, the Fitbit Versa 4 Fitness Smartwatch is 30% off and has plenty of features to offer. But if fashion’s more your thing, check out the stylish yet functional Fossil Gen 5 Carlyle Smartwatch.

Best Prime Day Deals on Headphones and Electronics

Amazon

It doesn’t matter if you’re listening to pump-up jams during a workout or a relaxing playlist while you unwind for the night, a high-quality of headphones or earbuds is a must-have. Right now, tons of Apple products are on sale, including the AirPods Max for $100 off and AirPod Pros for $50 off. Plus, there are deals from Samsung and Sennheiser, and the lowest price we've ever seen on Beats Powerbeats Pro.

The tech deals don’t stop with headphones, though: You can also score a discounted waterproof portable JBL speaker, and Prime members can snag a Fire HD 10 Tablet for $100 off.

Best Prime Day Deals on Activewear

Amazon

Hit the gym in style with these great deals on activewear and athleisure. From a pair of Alo leggings that are over 40% off to Adidas track pants that are over half off, you’ll be all set for your next workout. For lounging around and recovering after, there’s a pair of Hanes joggers for 61% off, and for a chilly early morning jog, layer up with the Amazon best-selling women’s athletic jacket.

Best Prime Day Deals on Comfortable Shoes

Amazon

Give your feet a break with these incredibly comfy sneakers and sandals. Deals include a pair of Adidas running shoes that’s over 50% off, a pair of Crocs kicks for half off, and options from popular brands like Brooks, Chaco, and Puma. Plus, shop a discounted pair of ultra-cushy recovery slides.

Best Prime Day Deals on Healthy Food, Drinks, and Kitchenware

Amazon

Eating healthy food can get expensive, so when there are huge sales like these, it’s time to stock up. With deals from Ninja, Vital Proteins, and more, you can put the best things in your body for less, and you prep them with the best appliances, thanks to a discounted NutriBullet blender and Ninja air fryer.

Best Prime Day Deals on Oral Care and Personal Care

Amazon

Take good care of yourself (and your wallet) with oral care deals like an Oral-B electric toothbrush for 50% off or a Waterpik water flosser that’s 45% off. Plus, there are great deals on shower steamers and beard trimmers, too.

Best Prime Day Deals on Hair Care

Amazon

Bring the salon to your home with these popular hair care items. Nourish your hair with 20% off of Ouai products, including their popular leave-in conditioner, or restock your shower with shampoos and other hair care products from Pantene and Olaplex. There are also several facial and body hair removal tools on sale, like a Braun epilator that's 33% off and a discounted beard trimming set.

Best Prime Day Deals on Skincare and Beauty

Amazon

The best in beauty rarely goes on sale, so we’re excited to see the NuFace Trinity+ Starter Kit on sale for 30% off and the TheraFace PRO skin massager for $60 off. Give yourself a little self-care with an ice roller that's over 50%off, or nourish your lips with this Laneige lip mask.
SEE NEXT PAGE:

Sure, we're envious of Kendall Jenner's killer bod and incredible hair, but few things incite as much beauty envy in us as her amazing eyebrows. So we went straight to her main makeup man, Victor Henao, Director of Global Makeup Design for Estée Lauder, for the inside scoop. According to him, the secret to Kendall Jenner-worthy brows is not stressing about perfection. "People get lost in this idea of having perfect brows and waxing and plucking and shaping. Sometimes the best thing for your brows is just to let them be," he says. Still, that doesn't mean he practices ahands-off approach when it comes to enhancing Jenner's arches. Here, he shares the supersimple ways he creates three different brow looks on the supermodel.
Paulina Gretzky and her fiancé, Dustin Johnson, are "so in love" with their new bundle of joy! The couple welcomed their second child together, son River Jones, on Monday.

The 28-year-old model announced the birth on Instagram with a sweet family photo snapped at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles.

RELATED: Lucky in Love: Our 9 Favorite New Celebrity Couples

"Welcome to the world baby boy..we all love you so much," Paulina wrote on Wednesday, next to a snap featuring Johnson holding their 2-year-old son, Tatum, as he planted a kiss on his baby brother.

READ: Paulina Gretzky Slams Fiance's Haters Over Olympics Controversy: 'He Didn't Work His A** Off for a Gold Medal'

The mother of two also updated her Instagram bio to read, "Mama of Tatum & River," while Johnson posted the same hospital photo to his Instagram account.

"I'm so thankful for my family and the new addition River Jones Johnson," he wrote.

After the birth, Johnson flew from California to Wisconsin compete in this year's U.S. Open. As the pro golfer prepares to defend his championship title, he reflected on the last year by sharing another Instagram photo holding his U.S Open trophy.

"What a great year it's been with the trophy!" the 32-year-old athlete gushed. "So many great things have happened especially Monday afternoon with our second son being born. @paulinagretzky I love you."

MORE: Paulina Gretzky Shares Incredible Bikini Pic Just 5 Months After Giving Birth

In February, Paulina, who is the daughter of hockey great Wayne Gretzky, revealed that she and Johnson were expecting their second child together with a precious pregnancy photo captioned, "Coming soon."

See more below.
Fun in the Sun! Kailyn Lowry Treats Herself to Solo Babymoon Just Weeks Before Her Due Date

Kail is enjoying some fun in the sun before the arrival of her third child!

Teen Mom 2 star Kailyn Lowry took herself on a tropical beach vacation just weeks before her due date.

The 26-year-old reality star has been posting snaps of her solo getaway on Instagram and Snapchat. “Paradise this week,” she captioned one photo.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BVVzXB6lOGB/

MORE: Kailyn Lowry Wants Chris Lopez Back Even Though “He Doesn’t Want Anything to Do With the Baby” (REPORT)

According to Radar Online, a source close to Kailyn said, “She wanted to go back to Puerto Rico before the baby comes. The boys were with their dads, so she went for a few days.”

The pregnant star has also been using Twitter to document her solo trip, with one tweet saying, “Baby Lo and I just went for our first ocean swim of the summer,” before adding, “I should’ve brought my GoPro so I could be entertained while I’m in the water by myself.”

Just last week, she retweeted, “I want to take spontaneous trips,” and it appears she followed through!

MORE: Amber Portwood Shares a Photo of Her Punching “Wounds” One Day After Shocking Domestic Violence Claims

Lowry’s son Lincoln, 3, is with her ex-husband Javi Marroquin at Comic Con this week, and her son Isaac, 7, is with her ex-boyfriend Jo Rivera.

She is estranged from her third baby daddy Chris Lopez but is still hoping for a reunion.

According to an insider from Hollywood life, “Kailyn’s hoping he will change his mind when the baby arrives. She doesn’t care about the financial side of things, as she’s more than capable of supporting her kids herself, but she would love for him to be part of his child’s life.”

In the meantime, soak up the sun in paradise, mama! You deserve a little R&R!

Scroll through the gallery below for photos of Kailyn and her adorable baby bump!
Victoria Beckham has hit back at the perception that she is 'miserable'.

The former Spice Girl appears on the cover of Vogue Netherlands this month, posing in a swimsuit by Lisa Marie Fernandez, and divulged some of the secrets of her happy marriage and household.

She told the glossy publication: “David and I have a lot of fun together…

“If I really was as miserable as I look in some of those paparazzi pictures, my children wouldn’t be as happy as they are.

“And I certainly wouldn’t be married anymore.”

The Beckhams are a happy bunch (CREDIT: Instagram/victoriabeckham) ©Instagram/victoriabeckham

We always knew the fashion designer had a killer sense of humour and while she doesn't smile that often, when she does, it's worth the wait.

And Posh Spice didn't stop there with the revelations. She also let us in on her morning routine which includes a VERY early work out and making breakfast for son Romeo.

Victoria finds the time to work out, run a fashion house and still make breakfast for Romeo (CREDIT: Instagram/romeobeckham) ©Instagram/romeobeckham

She explained: “I go for a three mile run every morning and I work out for an hour with a PT, which gives me just enough time to get to the kitchen to puree Romeo’s avocados.

“His toast jumps out of the toaster the minute he comes down for breakfast.”

And in terms of facing the aging process she added: “I focus on what I’ve accomplished and I feel blessed.”

Words to live by. It sounds like Victoria really CAN have it all. You go girl.

What do you think makes a happy marriage? Let us know on Facebook or Twitter
The '90s were an amazing time for music — Oasis, *NSYNC, the Spice Girls, and TLC come to mind.

But not all of these musicians stayed successful in the new millennium.

Some, like Vanilla Ice, have pivoted to new careers altogether.

Visit Insider's homepage for more stories.

NEW LOOK Sign up to get the inside scoop on today’s biggest stories in markets, tech, and business — delivered daily. Read preview Thanks for signing up! Access your favorite topics in a personalized feed while you're on the go. download the app Email address Sign up By clicking “Sign Up”, you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . You can opt-out at any time.

Advertisement

Several '90 stars have stayed in the spotlight. Singers like Mariah Carey, Britney Spears, and Justin Timberlake seem to be on the cover of magazines day in and day out. But what about their fellow '90s chart-toppers?

While some of the 1990s greats have withdrawn from stardom and the music industry, others are still making waves as musicians. Some have even found other callings, like home improvement.

Here's what all your favorite singers from the '90s are up to now.

Amy Daire contributed to a previous version of this article.
It’s a girl!

The Walking Dead star Christian Serratos gave birth to her first child in May, and revealed on Sunday that she is a new mom to a darling little girl.

The 26-year-old actress took to Instagram to wish a Happy Father’s Day to her longtime boyfriend, David Boyd.

NEWS: 'The Walking Dead' Star Steven Yeun Welcomes First Child With Wife Joana Pak

“She 'Doubles You' @me_is_boyd ❤❤ Happy Fathers Day,” Serratos captioned the adorable pic of her daughter wearing “I ❤️ Dad” pajamas.

The Twilight actress announced the birth of her daughter on Mother’s Day by sharing a sweet snap of the newborn in her arms.

“Happy Mother’s Day from little W and me! ?,” she captioned the photo.

RELATED: 'Walking Dead' Stars Norman Reedus and Steven Yeun Help Victims in Car Crash

Catch up on the biggest moments from The Walking Dead's season seven finale in the video below.
What do you get a little girl who seemingly has everything? A Pomeranian puppy!

Kim Kardashian took to Snapchat on Thursday to show off the adorable present daughter North West received for her 4th birthday.

WATCH: North West Turns 4! See Sweet Family Posts From Kim Kardashian, Kris Jenner & More

"You guys, how cute is Northie's little puppy?" Kim said in a clip, holding the fluffy pup. "What should we name you?"

"You guys, this dog is so tiny!" the mother of two said in another video, as the nameless dog followed her around the house.

RELATED: North West Celebrates Her Fourth Birthday With Giant Balloon Display and Colorful Cake: Pics!

North might not be the only member of the Kardashian family with a new puppy. Kim's sister, Kourtney Kardashian, Snapchatted two Pomeranian puppies on Thursday.

"Honey," she wrote alongside another snap of one of the dogs on Saturday.

Snapchat

WATCH: North West and Penelope Disick Show ‘Cousin Love’ to Baby Dream Kardashian: See the Cute Pics!

It's possible that Honey was a gift for Kourtney's daughter, Penelope Disick, who turns 5 next month. Penelope and North celebrated their birthdays together last year with an epic mermaid themed party. See more in the video below.

Kardashians Celebrate North and Penelope's Birthdays With Amazing 'Mermaid Party': See the Videos! This video is unavailable because we were unable to load a message from our sponsors.

If you are using ad-blocking software, please disable it and reload the page. Up Next

Related Gallery
Tiger Woods announced Monday via Twitter that he’s getting professional help in the wake of his DUI arrest in May.

The golf great was found asleep at the wheel of his vehicle in Jupiter, Fla., on May 29. He was incoherent, but no alcohol was found in his system.

Woods, who has undergone four back surgeries since 2014, told the arresting officers he had an adverse reaction to a mix of prescription drugs, which included Vicodin and Xanax.

The 14-time major champion tweeted that he’s dealing with a problem with prescription drugs.

“I’m currently receiving professional help to manage my medications and the ways that I deal with back pain and a sleep disorder,” Woods said on social media. “I want to thank everyone for the amazing outpouring of support and understanding especially the fans and players on tour.”

Woods, 41, is scheduled to be arraigned on the DUI charge on Aug. 9. He could qualify for a diversion program in which the DUI charge is downgraded to reckless driving, which results in probation, fine and other conditions such as taking a DUI course.

After spending the night in jail, Woods quickly announced alcohol was not an issue, but rather a misuse of medications.

“I want the public to know that alcohol was not involved,” Woods wrote. “What happened was an unexpected reaction to prescribed medications. I didn’t realize the mix of medications affected me so strongly.”

After missing 15 months, including the entire 2016 season, Woods attempted to return to professional golf last December.

His comeback lasted three tournaments before he was sidelined again with back problems, prompting the fourth surgery.

Just days before the arrest, Woods wrote on his website that he was feeling much better and pain free.

“It has been just over a month since I underwent fusion surgery on my back, and it is hard to express how much better I feel,” he wrote. “It was instant nerve relief. I haven’t felt this good in years.”

He vowed he would return to the PGA Tour.

This isn’t the first time Woods has sought professional help.

He was treated for sex addiction in 2009 after his wife, Elin Nordegren, and the entire world discovered he had been carrying on several extramarital affairs.

Woods following his DUI arrest in May.

Woods and Nordegren divorced in 2010, and his career hasn’t been the same since.

Woods once seemed like a lock to surpass Jack Nicklaus’ record of 18 major championships. He raced to 14 major wins, but has been stuck there since he won the 2008 U.S. Open.

Back problems have limited Woods to just 19 tournaments since 2014.

Woods’ most recent surgery was in April, and he seemed upbeat about his recovery.

“The surgery went well, and I’m optimistic this will relieve my back spasms and pain” Woods said. “When healed, I look forward to getting back to a normal life, playing with my kids, competing in professional golf and living without the pain I have been battling so long.”

The recovery period was supposed to be six months.

It’s unknown how long Woods will undergo treatment, and when he might return to golf.

– With The Associated Press
Sir Daniel Day-Lewis -- one of the most iconic actors in the last quarter century with 3 Oscars to his name -- has reportedly quit the biz.

Daniel's rep released a statement saying he will no longer be working as an actor. She added, "He is immensely grateful to all of his collaborators and audiences over the many years. This is a private decision and neither he nor his representatives will make any further comment on this subject."

Daniel showed immense range playing a slew of captivating roles. He won Oscars for Best Actor in "Lincoln," "My Left Foot" and "There Will Be Blood." He also earned 2 nominations for "Gangs of New York" and "In the Name of the Father."
On Tuesday’s The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, the late-night host paid tribute to Amy Poehler’s Smart Girls organization by inviting the actress to compete against him in a game of “Are You Smarter Than a Smart Girl?”

The contest involved Fallon and Poehler each partnering up with a young girl to answer questions about math, science, geography and grammar.

Before the game got underway, Fallon’s partner Maya showed off her French rap skills, rapping a song from Hamilton, while Poehler’s partner Anaya displayed her talent for making purses out of duct tape.

As the competition began, Poehler started off by choosing math. She was asked, “If you have nine pizzas and then cut each pizza into eight slices, how many slices do you have?” Poehler confidently said, “73 slices,” before immediately doubting her answer.

“No. No!” she said. Anaya whispered the correct answer of 72 to Poehler, who then said, “That’s what I meant [by] 73 — after I buy an extra slice.”

Fallon similarly struggled with his question, in which he had to determine the preposition in a sentence. Maya tried to shake her head to help him guess the correct answer, and while he eventually chose it, it took a lot of stalling on his part.

The game continued with coaxing from Anaya and Maya until the final question about the number of bones in a human body. Watch below.
Mama June, Sugar Bear and the rest of the 'Honey Boo Boo' clan have been a financial bonanza for their landlord, who stands to make a killing off their Georgia digs.

The owner of the 1,368 sq. ft. 3 bed, 1.5 bath home -- heavily featured on the cancelled reality show -- has put the house on the market for $45k, almost twice the $27k he bought it for 5 years ago.

The home’s been vacant since Mama June bailed for an upgrade earlier this year…and we’re told they left the place in pretty good shape. Only a few repairs to the roof and other minor stuff.

The brand new security system they left behind probably spiked the price.
Maria Puente

USA TODAY

Sooner or later, most celebrities learn the rule: Never explain, never complain, especially not to supermarket tabloids.

Ariel Winter is young, only 19, so maybe she hasn't read the memo yet — thus, her Twitter tirade against Star magazine's story that claims the Modern Family star is the “breadwinner” in her relationship with actor Levi Meaden and that she actually pays him to "take care of her."

She was outraged, she was incredulous, she was adamant. Not true and "not cool," she said in a tweet that linked to a long rant.

"Star magazine is obviously a non-reputable source and a trash magazine, but seriously how dare you make up stuff that you have no idea about," she wrote.

Winter has a personal assistant to take care of her, she said.

"I would NEVER pay my boyfriend any sort of allowance nor would he EVER accept it if I offered," she huffed. "I HATE fake news but I guess that's what our world has come to."

The Star story isn't online, or at least not yet, but Gossip Cop, the website that devotes itself to debunking tabloid twaddle, reports that the "ridiculous" story by the "repeatedly discredited" tabloid quotes an anonymous source explaining that Meaden earns a wage to cook, clean and perform other household chores for Winter.

“Some of Ariel’s friends worry that she’s throwing too much cash his way,” this supposed source says. “Why would he go on auditions when he can stay home and still collect a paycheck?”

Star, Gossip Cop noted, is the same tabloid that once wrongly reported Winter was getting fired from Modern Family. She wasn't.

Will Winter's scolding teach Star a lesson? Don't count on it.

But she's not the only celebrity who's gone off on Star recently. Winter's co-star Sofía Vergara got into a hissing match with the tabloid last month after it ran a cover story shouting that Vergara and husband Joe Manganiello, whose extravagant wedding took place in November 2015, were kaput.

She posted a scathing message on Instagram concluding with a hashtag: #Starmagazinebullies. "The editor of this magazine is an idiot," she declared.
UPDATE: Despite Cosby’s own rep telling Rolling Stone and other media outlets that Bill Cosby‘s upcoming town halls would center around sexual assault, a second rep for the comedian has backtracked and said the meetings will focus on “restoration of [Cosby’s] legacy.”

***

Less than one week after a judge declared Bill Cosby’s sexual assault case a mistrial, the embattled actor-comedian is gearing up to “get back to work.”

On Thursday, Cosby’s rep, Andrew Wyatt, told Good Day Alabama host Janice Rogers that the actor is planning to hold a series of town hall meetings starting “sometime in July” to help educate young men and women about sexual violence – specifically, the threat of being accused of inappropriate behavior.

“This is bigger than Bill Cosby,” Wyatt said on the show. “This issue can affect any young person, especially young athletes, of today, and they need to know what they’re facing when they’re hanging out and partying, when they’re doing certain things they shouldn’t be doing. And it also affects married men.”

Wyatt’s reference to married men is a nod to the primary argument made by Cosby’s defense attorney Brian McMonagle, that Cosby was a man who had been unfaithful to his wife, but not a perpetrator of sexual assault, as accuser Andrea Constand had testified. Added Ebonee Benson, a spokeswoman for Camille Cosby, “Laws are changing, the statute of limitations for victims of sexual assault are being extended, so this is why people need to be educated on … a brush against the shoulder. Anything at this point can be considered sexual assault. It’s a good thing to be educated about the laws.”

When reached for comment, Wyatt issued a statement to Rolling Stone confirming the town halls – and suggesting that he’s hoping they will expose the larger forces at play in Cosby’s trial.

Editor’s picks

“My Associate Ebonee Benson and I received hundreds of calls from civic organizations and churches requesting for Mr. Cosby to speak to young men and women about the judicial system,” Wyatt tells Rolling Stone. “They feel that the young men and women need to be aware that Mr. Cosby was given a deal to never be criminally charged by Former DA Bruce Castor and 12 years later DA Kevin Steele runs a Willie Horton style campaign ad saying, ‘If you elect me I will bring Bill Cosby to justice.'”

“These groups would like for Mr. Cosby to share that people in the judicial system can use their powers to annul deals for personal agenda and political ambitions,” he adds. “Speeches will be free.”

“People can educate themselves on the situation that they’re facing today,” Wyatt tells Rolling Stone of the planned events. “Laws are changing. Statute of limitations are being amended. It’s important to educate people that you could be at a baseball game and it could be crowded and a young man could try to squeeze through and accidentally touch a young lady’s butt or breast by mistake and that could be considered sexual assault. It’s imperative that we educate people that want to be educated.”

Following the mistrial ruling, Steele announced he would retry Cosby within 120 days. While Wyatt admits that “our legal team will be going through everything he’s going to say,” he claims his team will not vet audience questions ahead of time, ostensibly allowing both supporters and detractors from questioning the comedian. “I don’t think he’s going to say anything to jeopardize the [upcoming] trial or put himself in harm’s way,” Wyatt says. “There are going to be some questions he won’t be able to answer.”

The genesis of the planned town halls, says Wyatt, came from requests from various church and civic organizations, though he declined to provide any specific groups.

On Wednesday, an anonymous juror told ABC News that the jury was deadlocked after 52 hours of deliberation because of two jurors who believed Cosby should be acquitted. “There was no budging,” after the first deadlock, the juror said, “and there was none from there on out.”

A second juror spoke to The Associated Press Thursday, saying that the jury was actually more evenly split with a similar number of jurors wanting to convict Cosby as wanted to acquit him.

The second juror told the AP it was suspicious that the three charges of sexual misconduct were brought about, though “no new evidence from ’05 to now has showed up, no stained clothing, no smoking gun, nothing.” They added that other jurors similarly expressed the view that “politics was involved.”

Trending Trump Demands MAGA Group Give Him ‘Millions.’ That’s Not Legal, Experts Say Cher Files for Conservatorship of Son Elijah Blue Allman, Citing 'Severe' Substance Abuse Watch Miley Cyrus Cover Journey's Hit '80s Anthem 'Faithfully' Who Is Gypsy Rose Blanchard?

With any public event for a figure as polarizing as Cosby, the actor risks facing highly visible protests and scrutiny. “People have a right to protest,” says Wyatt. “We just ask that our supporters be respectful and not engage or incite anything … He has been consistent that people respect each other. He has used his entire career to humanize all age groups, races, genders and religious groups and he’ll continue to do that as he moves on with his life.”

Additional reporting by Jason Newman

Watch everything we know about the Bill Cosby sexual assault trial.
Mariah Carey, making a mess of things with diva behavior? As improbable as it seems, “The House” actor Cedric Yarbrough says that it really happened.

Yarbrough took to Facebook on Wednesday to detail how the singer “ruined” an intended cameo featuring her in the film.

“Yeah, a real funny cameo was SUPPOSED to happen in the new film #TheHouse with the superstar Mariah Carey. But it was ruined by superstar Mariah Carey,” Yarbrough wrote. “The film takes place in a suburban home but is made into a ‘Casino’. Why not have Mariah be an act in the casino? Funny idea.”

Yarbrough went on to say that Carey “eventually” graced the set with her presence, “after waiting for her for 3-4 hours!” And when the porpoise-ranged songstress arrived, Yarbrough recalled, she scuttled a stunt that had been cooked up in her absence.

“While we waited the director & team had the idea of doing a stunt that Mariah’s body double would do now & bring in Mariah to match it. They do the stunt. All goes well,” Yarbrough wrote. “When Mariah finally showed up she refused to match the stunt. ‘Darling, I would never do it that way…’”

Yarbrough added that Carey “requested a large fan for her hair to be blown around and a camera that would be above her, basically a crane shot.”

The actor went on to call Carey “borderline abusive.”

“This lady was unprofessional & borderline abusive to our director, who tried his best to appease her every wish. In the acting community, it’s not very good form to ‘tell’ on your fellow actors,” Yarbrough added. “They could be having a bad day, going through some personal things, & maybe Mariah was, I don’t know. But I do know that our crew didn’t deserve that, our director didn’t.”

As unsettling as Yarbrough’s account was, the actor wrote that he hadn’t even divulged the worst of it.

“This kind of behavior just isn’t cool. I’m not even going to tell you the worst part. (i will if i see you in person & if i deem you ‘cool’),” Yarbrough wrote. “For you young actors, be on time, know your homework, but be courteous and respectful. For us old heads, the same. This kind of behavior should be called out for what it is. I miss ‘I had a vision of love’ Mariah. Be a damn professional.”
In a sneak peek of Wednesday night's "Hollywood Medium," Tyler Henry describes feeling an energy circulating around tragedy during his reading with Nancy Grace.

"There's a feeling of a situation getting out of hand and not going how it was intended to originally go," Tyler tells Grace. "This doesn't look like, 'I was supposed to die that day.' The feeling is I don't even necessarily get the strongest impression of someone seeking someone out, like, 'I'm going to take your life.' There's a feeling of something goes wrong, and I don't know why this feeling of something goes wrong, like that wasn't the original plan."

The medium adds that the feeling comes across more as a robbery than it does as an intended murder.

"I'm sure you're referring to my fiancé who was murdered," Nancy responds solemnly. "We think for...as a mugging. I'm not really sure why. I've never known."

Grace explains that her fiancé had gotten a summer job on a construction site and just happened to be "at the wrong place at the wrong time."

"A guy that had been fired from the job came back with a gun and he unloaded the whole gun on Keith — around his face, neck and back. And that's what happened. It was not an argument. They didn't really know each other at all, but he was at the wrong place at the wrong time."

"I don't know what the guy intended," she added. "I'm sure it wasn't to go murder Keith because he didn't really know Keith, but he did murder Keith."

Grace, now 57, was only 20 years old when she lost Keith.
Migos and Chris Brown's tempers just got things jumping at the BET Awards after-party ... so much so, cops had to respond.

Sources at the party tell us Chris had just finished premiering his new music video with Future at the event ... near Microsoft Theater in downtown L.A. We're told the guys from Migos were walking in at the same time, and when they came face-to-face with Chris' crew things got tricky.

Play video content TMZ.com

Witnesses tells us someone in Chris' group pushed Quavo, and then one of the Migos guys jumped in ... but then he got punched. We're told Chris kept walking while all of this was going on -- perhaps, wisely, realizing he don't need any heat from Johnny Law.

However, we're told Migos and some friends followed Chris to his car and surrounded him.

Ultimately, Chris was able to leave without anyone getting hurt ... but not before some very tense moments.

We're told cops showed up too, but everyone had split by then.
Being Mary Jane

Union’s Being Mary Jane family was also in the house. Mara Brock Akil posted this photo and the following message on Instagram: “What a beautiful day… To bear witness to #love is a #blessing… @gabunion and @dwyanewade your #union was something to behold… It was filled with #humor #sincerity #loyalty #beauty #vulnerability #history and most importantly #love… May your #union be a #miracle realized every day! #TheWadeUnion”
The much-anticipated fourth season of "Bachelor in Paradise" is set to premiere on Monday, after a misconduct scandal threatened to not only cancel the show, but forever change ABC's long-running hit "Bachelor" franchise going forward.

Advertisement

Even though an investigation into the incident by show producer Warner Bros. concluded that that there was no misconduct, there continues to be more to the story.

The alleged incident occurred in early June while taping in Mexico. It temporarily shut down production, but was resumed after Warner Bros. wrapped its investigation.

But both "Bachelor in Paradise" contestants who are at the center of the scandal, DeMario Jackson and Corinne Olympios, claimed that they were victims and sought legal counsel. They've since announced their continuing participation with the show.

How did we get here? and what's next? Ahead of Monday's premiere, catch yourself up on all the twists and turns.

Advertisement

Here's a rundown of all the events so far:
Johnny Galecki is thanking firefighters for their service after his vacation home burned down in a massive fire.

The Big Bang Theory star, whose San Luis Obispo ranch — located 190 miles north of Los Angeles — was burned to the ground in a fire on Monday, took to Instagram to share his appreciation for members of Cal Fire.

“Thank you to the brothers and sisters of @calfire It is the profound risks that you accept and the sacrifices you and your families make that keep us safe,” Galecki, 42, wrote on Thursday.

“Thanks also to the many of you who have reached out in support,” he continued. “It is far from lost on us here.#muchlove #movingforwardstronger.”

In the touching image shared to the social media app, the actor stands in the rubble of where his home used to be as he hugs a firefighter. Another member of Cal Fire also stands close by.

The Hill Fire, as it has been named in California, is estimated to be around 1,500 acres in size, according to KSBY. Two fires were initially reported in the area, but later merged into one as the state’s fire season ramps up.

Nearly 250 people were evacuated from their homes on Monday night, KSBY reported. All roads leading to the area of the fire were closed.

“My heart goes out to all in the area who are also experiencing loss from this vicious fire, the threat of which we live with constantly, which may seem crazy to some but we do so because living in our beautiful, rural area makes it worthwhile,” he said in a statement to TMZ (which first reported the news).

“It’s never the structures that create a community — it’s the people. And if the people of Santa Margarita have taught me anything it’s that, once the smoke has cleared, literally and figuratively, it’s a time to reach out and rebuild,” he continued.

“We’ve done it before, and will need to do it together again, and it will make our community even closer and stronger,” the statement concluded. “Endless thanks to CalFire and the Sheriff’s Office. I know you guys are fighting the good fight to keep us safe. So very relieved no one has been hurt.”
Nearly a year after Tom Schwartz and Katie Maloney-Schwartz tied the knot, rumors have been circulating that there may be trouble in paradise for the couple. And now the Vanderpump Rules husband and wife are setting the record straight on the speculation.

How to Watch Watch Vanderpump Rules on Bravo Tuesday, January 30th at 8/7c and next day on Peacock. Catch up on the Bravo app.

Tom and Katie shut down the rumors during a recent interview with E! News. "We are madly in love," Katie said. "I feel like marriage really suits us. We've been through so much, especially since last summer."

Katie added that although the first year of marriage is often considered the most difficult, it has been "89 percent blissful" for the couple. "We like to think that we [exorcised] all the bad stuff. We got about 15 years worth of fighting out in about three years, so we're good now," Tom added. "It's been smooth sailing."

Related

Still, the divorce rumors even made their way to Tom and Katie's moms, who called them to make sure everything was fine between the two lovebirds, according to E! News. The couple went on to say that they think the gossip started because they don't often post photos of themselves together on social media. "We don't heavily document our lives too much," Katie said, with Tom adding, "I just like putting weird and random stuff on my social media. I didn't even notice that. It wasn't an indication of some sort of subconscious reflection of the status of our relationship."

Tom and Katie officially tied the knot in a rustic-chic wedding in front of family, friends, and the whole Vanderpump Rules crew at Twenty Mile House in Northern California on August 17, 2016. Vanderpump Rules fans witnessed the lovely nuptials last season.

Tom and Katie previously addressed those who doubt the longevity of their relationship on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen last December. "I expected people to say that," Katie said. "I've been seeing all kinds of nonsense. We know when we wake up every day with each other, we're gonna be on our rocking chairs being like, 'Remember when all those people didn't believe in us?' We really are in it for the long haul."

Relive the magic of Tom and Katie's wedding, below.
After getting canceled by Netflix at the beginning of June following the release of its second season, Sense8 is now getting a last-minute stay of execution in the form of a two-hour special. It will air in 2018, as announced through a letter from creator Lana Wachowski on the show’s Facebook page.

The news is particularly unexpected given that Netflix previously posted a response to the multitude of fan campaigns a week after the cancelation apologetically stating, “We've thought long and hard here at Netflix to try to make it work but unfortunately we can't.” The show was praised for its incredibly diverse cast of characters, but the multiple-location conceit meant that Sense8 was also one of the most expensive shows on television: some estimates were putting it at $9 million per episode, which may have contributed to the cancelation.
This Is Us Promotes Nearly All of Its Incredible Child Stars for Season 2–But Who's Missing?

This Is Us is locking in all of its breakout child stars as series regulars for the highly-anticipated second season. Well, almost all of them.E! News has learned that seven of the eight…Source: This Is Us Promotes Nearly All of Its Incredible Child Stars for Season 2–But Who's Missing?

6 total views, 6 views today
The Reddit co-founder spoke glowingly of Williams, with whom he is expecting his first child, during an appearance on CNBC's Squawk Box on Friday.

Serena Williams is "awesome at a lot of things," according to her fiance, Alexis Ohanian -- and one of those things is sure to be her soon-to-be mom duties.

Serena Williams is "awesome at a lot of things," according to her fiance, Alexis Ohanian -- and one of those things is sure to be her soon-to-be mom duties.

The Reddit co-founder spoke glowingly of Williams, with whom he is expecting his first child, during an appearance on CNBC's Squawk Box on Friday.

"She's awesome at a lot of things and she's well on her way to being an awesome mom," Ohanian said. The 34-year-old entrepreneur also revealed he will be taking six weeks of leave when the new baby arrives.

"At Reddit, it's really important for us to support men and women when they are welcoming a new member to the family," he said. "And so we have a pretty generous parental leave policy. I'll be taking off for six weeks myself and trying to do the best job possible as a first time dad."

Williams recently made news not only for her beautiful Vanity Fair cover, but for dismissive comments by former tennis champ, John McEnroe, who doubted her ability to compete on the men's tennis circuit.

McEnroe later tried to explain his comments. "We were talking to someone on NPR radio and she said something to the effect, she was asking about Serena, and I said, 'Serena Williams is the greatest female tennis player that ever lived and I think she's absolutely tremendous,'" he recalled on The Late Show With Stephen Colbert.

"She followed up with, 'Why do you have to say female tennis player? Isn't she the greatest tennis player that ever lived?'," he continued. "And I just said, 'Well wait, whoa, whoa, whoa, hang on a second here. If we're going to talk about that, you get into a little different category.'"
Samantha Bee

Image Credit: Courtesy of Myles Aronowitz/Turner Entertainment

Samantha Bee was born in Toronto, Ontario, and discovered her passion for performing while at the University of Ottawa before joining The Daily Show With Jon Stewart in 2003 and then launching her own talk show in 2016.

She became a dual citizen of Canada and the U.S. in 2014 — along with her husband, Jason Jones — and voted in her first election in November 2016.

Bee has been very vocal in speaking out against Trump and his travel ban.

On her Feb. 1 show, she gave a lesson on the difference between immigrants and refugees and then outlined Trump's executive order, or "the executive hairball that Trump's team coughed up for him to sign" that bans refugees for 120 days or longer.

"I won't mention that this refugee ban is immoral, embarrassing and inhuman. I'll just point out that it is the act of a giant pussy," she concluded. "Here is a man who's afraid of germs, stairs, books, unprocessed food, women, birds, Muslims, Russian pee tapes, inner cities and, of course, strong winds. But he can't recognize the courage of people who survived literal war zones to come to a new country, start over with nothing and keep going each day despite the contempt with which we're horrible enough to treat them."

"You want a Muslim ban? We know you do, so say it already," she said to Trump. "Own your pointless cruelty. That is why America voted for you … except for the majority of America that didn't."

[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RM2HtvLSLs?ecver=2]
The right blush has the ability to transform your skin by warming up your complexion and adding a beautiful flush. Not only can blushes be used to illuminate your skin tone, the right blush shade will be able to add dimension to your face.

It is no easy task finding the right blush shade though. Chances are you are looking for variety to mix and match and that’s where blush palettes come in handy. Not only will your blushes be placed in a single casing, you will be able to mix shades to create a custom blend. Don’t have a terracotta shade? Simply mix a red blush along with a little of a deep pink blush to create a unique shade for your skin tone. We also love the fact that blush palettes are easy to travel with and it can even double up as eyeshadows on your trip. For a sheerer colour pay off, use a fluffy blending brush.

Head over to the gallery up top for a round up of 10 blush palettes to choose from for an endless variety of shades. You’ll be able to go from a flush of berry to mauve in no time.

Perin Sidhu

READ MORE:

Spray It On: 10 Facial mists to keep you cool

Face Wash: The right facial cleanser for your skin
Fear not, Sheerios — Ed Sheeran hasn’t disappeared from social media completely.

Following his interview with The Sun where the 26-year-old singer stated that he “can’t read” Twitter anymore due to the negativity, fans feared that Sheeran quit the platform completely. However, he clarified with an interview on Today that it’s not the case.

“They made so much of a big deal out of this,” he explained. “I got asked in an interview if I read negative things and I was like, ‘Oh, I don’t even go on Twitter anymore.’ It’s not like I quit it. I still post on Instagram and post on Twitter.”

He continued, “I’m just not going to wake up and read something and be like, ‘Well, that’s rude.’ I don’t want to choose to do that anymore, and everyone’s made a huge deal out of it.”

Host Matt Lauer said he likely had plenty of good tweets to read thanks to his fans who were outside ready to watch him perform.

“There’s so much positivity out there,” Sheeran replied. “I’m just saying as a human being, we always read the one negative one and ignore the others, and I don’t want to do that. It’s just foolish to do when there’s love out there in the world to look at the negative stuff. I’m just choosing not to read it.”

Sheeran told The Sun that he still finds that a troll can bring him down.

“One comment ruins your day,” he shared. “The head f— for me has been trying to work out why people dislike me so much.”

FROM PEN: If You Had To Google For ‘Ibiza’ After The Grammys, You’re Not Alone

Lady Gaga came out in support of Sheeran after he mentioned that her fans sometimes assumed he was speaking about her during interviews.

“What an incredible talented artist I LOVE ED,” she wrote. “@teddysphotos deserves all our love and respect like all humans do. I wish all people on the internet would be positive and loving and a part of creating an online community that is kind and empowering, not hateful and mean. No reason to tear down an artist simply because they are on top. Work harder to be kinder everybody. That should be your first duty to humanity.”

On Wednesday, Sheeran clarified his remarks on Instagram: “…loads of Hoo-har about me quitting stuff. I haven’t quit anything, I’m just not reading anything, except Harry Potter. Hope everyone had a wonderful July 4th yo.”

Fresh from headlining Sunday night at the Glastonbury Festival, Sheeran is back on the road as part of his North American tour to support his latest album, ÷.
The tennis star is being sued by the family of a man who died in the crash.

— -- Venus Williams has filed an emergency court order in the wrongful death case brought by the family of a man killed in car crash involving the tennis star.

Williams, 37, filed the emergency protective order on Wednesday claiming that the daughter of Jerome Barson, the man who died in the crash, gave Williams' lawyer less than 24 hours notice that her attorney would be inspecting a vehicle involved in the incident.

In documents obtained by ABC News, Williams asked the court to bar any inspection or collection of data from the Barsons' vehicle until the court can establish a "procedure for the proper collection of all data" and her lawyer can be present.

A hearing has been scheduled for tomorrow. Until then, all parties are restrained from gathering additional evidence.

Williams faces a lawsuit from the family of Barson, 78, who died from injuries sustained in the crash on June 9 in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.

According to the police collision report obtained by ABC News, Williams was "at fault for violating the right of way of [the other driver]."

Jerome Barson's wife, Linda Barson, was driving the vehicle, a Hyundai Accent, when it hit Williams' Toyota Sequoia. He was taken to a local hospital and died from his injuries two weeks later.

While discussing her first-round victory at Wimbledon on Monday, Williams broke down after reporters asked a question about the crash.

"There are really no words to describe, like, how devastating and — yeah, I'm completely speechless," she said, as she held back tears in the tournament's media room.

"Maybe I should go," she said before a tournament representative told her it was OK to leave. She returned later and answered a few more questions.

The lawsuit, filed by the Barsons' daughter, alleges wrongful death action, and the family is seeking damages in excess of $15,000, according to a copy of the lawsuit obtained by ABC News.

After the collision and Barson's death, Malcolm Cunningham, an attorney for Williams, noted in a statement to ABC News that authorities did not issue her any citations and that "Venus expresses her deepest condolences to the family who lost a loved one."

Police are still investigating the crash.
It may no longer be a green light to consider Lorde a member of Taylor Swift’s squad.

The 20-year-old New Zealand pop star revealed to Australian Yahoo affiliate Sunrise that, for her, the allure of a celebrity friend circle doesn’t fit her social life.

“I don’t hang out with these people at all,” she said, referring to the influx of famous friends she came in contact with after the success of her debut album Pure Heroine at age 16.

When the interviewer suggested that she was a member of Swift’s so-called “squad,” Lorde jokingly rolled her eyes. “You know, you make friends in different places, but I think for the most part I’m not, like, calling my idols for advice necessarily.”

Lorde, who reached No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart with her latest album Melodrama, said the best way for her to mentally process meeting her musical heroes like Beyoncé and Swift is to pretend it’s another world.

“The second you think too hard about it, you’ll just go insane, so it’s best to be like, ‘We’re in wonderland and it’s just what happens around here,'” she said.

She and the 1989 songstress seem to have a close bond. In March, Swift broke her social media silence to promote Lorde’s new single, and in November, threw her a star-studded 20th birthday bash at Carbone in New York City.

FROM COINAGE: If You Had To Google For ‘Ibiza’ After The Grammys, You’re Not Alone

Fellow celebs who turned out included Aziz Ansari, Lena Dunham,Tavi Gevinson, Jack Antonoff, Mae Whitman, and model Karlie Kloss.

https://www.instagram.com/p/BMioGS4FKwr/

Lorde received backlash last month when she compared her friendship with Swift to a disease during an interview with the Guardian, trying to express the challenges of staying close with someone so famous.

“It’s like having a friend with very specific allergies. There are certain places you can’t go together; certain things you can’t do,” she said. “There are these different sets of considerations within the friendship — it’s like having a friend with an autoimmune disease.”

Lorde eventually apologized for the comment on Twitter, writing that she “f—– up & it was really insensitive.”

Attention to Swift’s so-called “squad” mostly began in 2015 after the release of her star-studded “Bad Blood” music video, which featured Selena Gomez, Zendaya, Lena Dunham and Gigi Hadid, among others.
Getty

The "Jersey Shore" star appears in a preview clip from tonight's new episode, which sees him getting a message from the other side from one of his late friends.

"My best friend in the whole entire world, he passed away like 11 years ago," Pauly said of his deceased friend, Billy Iannotti, who died in 2005. "This was like my best best friend, he passed in a motorcycle accident. We were together all the time. I don't know if there's anything you see ... the way he died, how do you go living your life one day with him every single day, then all of a sudden you don't, you live life without them?"

"I don't talk to anybody about this," he added, "I'm a public figure but I'm private in that aspect of him."

"There is a visual that's going through, the feeling is, 'If I weren't turning, I would be fine, but I'm up straight,'" Tyler Henry says. "And this is the weird thing that's coming across, 'I don't have enough time to be able to correct anything that would have gone wrong.' The feeling is, 'The center of balance isn't the center of the vehicle' ... the focus is almost like, 'I don't have the balance.'"

"I'm shaking right now hearing you say that," DelVecchio says in reaction. "That's exactly what happened."

Pauly previously gave tribute to Iannotti by getting a tattoo reading "RIP Billy" in his honor.

"Hollywood Medium with Tyler Henry" airs Wednesdays at 9am PT.
On Wednesday, Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna caught the internet's attention, when the former posted a series of allegations about Chyna, nude photos of her, and a video of Chyna kissing another man that he said she sent him. Chyna addressed the video in an interview with Good Morning America on Monday, saying that she sent it to Kardashian in hopes that it would convince him to leave her alone. Bustle has reached out to reps for Kardashian and Chyna regarding the allegations made against each other, but did not receive a response. Kardashian's lawyer, Robert Shapiro, told TMZ that Kardashian's rant was "a spontaneous reaction that he regrets."

The nude photos that Kardashian posted of Chyna were the main subject of the GMA segment. In the state of California, where both stars reside, posting sexually explicit photos that were understood to be meant to remain private without permission constitutes revenge porn and is punishable by law. Chyna intends to file a restraining order against Kardashian on Monday.

In addition to the potential illegality of the photos posted, the conversation also turned to the allegations that Kardashian made in his Instagram posts. In the series of since-deleted posts, he accused his ex of cheating on him, exploiting him for money, and abusing drugs and alcohol. Chyna responded with her own allegation, claiming on Snapchat that Kardashian was physically abusive, a charge which she reiterated in the GMA interview.

Chyna defended her decision to send the video of herself with another man to her ex. She clamed that Kardashian wouldn’t leave her alone, and said the video was meant to establish boundaries. "I've been broken up with Rob since December and it's like, if somebody keeps poking at you and poking at you and poking at you, and keep poking at you, you're eventually, you're gonna pop," Chyna told GMA. "And so I was just like, 'Maybe if I send this video to him, then he'll just leave me alone.'"

The interviewer questioned whether there was any truth to her ex’s accusations that the couple were still together at the time the video was sent, which Chyna denied. She also refused the allegations that she used Kardashian family name for fame. “I was already Blac Chyna before the Kardashians,” the reality star responded. She also said that she her love for Kardashian was genuine when they were together. “Nobody was out to make a baby out of spite.”

Kardashian’s actions were, to Chyna, a violation of her trust. "I was devastated, of course. I'm like, 'How could somebody, like, post these pictures of me?,'” Chyna told GMA. "And I'm like, wow, OK, like, this is a person that I trusted. I just felt betrayed."

She also refuted claims that she had liked some of the pictures on Instagram, claiming that she had Kardashian's account blocked. Chyna hopes that pressing charges will inspire more women to come forward if they are ever in a similar situation. “It's just not right, it's not fair, and I feel like women should take up for themselves," Chyna said. "I would like to just say something to all the women out there. You know, you're not the only one that's probably going through something. So I feel as though if one person speaks up, maybe it, hopefully, it will be a domino effect.”

Kardashian and Chyna's lawyers are expected in court Monday. According to TMZ, Kardashian will reportedly agree to Chyna's request for a restraining order.
Ryan Seacrest has nothing but well wishes for his just-married ex Julianne Hough.

While discussing the Dancing with the Stars judge’s July 8 wedding to NHL player Brooks Laich on Live with Kelly and Ryan Monday, the 42-year-old noted that Hough looked “stunning” in her custom Marchesa gown for the ceremony on the lake at Coeur d’Alene Resort in Idaho.

“I know this family,” Seacrest continued. “They are terrific people … how super talented she is. So congratulations, Julianne.”

Seacrest, whose two-year relationship with Hough ended in 2013, said of the scenic wedding destination: “I’ve been on that lake. I’ve seen that lake. We dated years ago and remain friends.”

When his co-host Kelly Ripa asked if he was having mixed feelings about hearing about an ex’s big day, Seacrest — who recently moved in with girlfriend Shayna Taylor — said, “No. I’ve got several exes who have gotten married. They’re all married. Then they start having kids.”

FROM PEN: Ryan Seacrest is Already a Fixture in Kelly Ripa’s House

For her part, Hough, 29, was over the moon with how her special day turned out.

“I don’t think I ever really necessarily dreamed about my wedding as a kid,” Hough, tells PEOPLE exclusively. “But I know I will always cherish and remember it for the rest of my life.”
Harry Styles' fame primarily comes from his time with One Direction, but in addition to now setting off on a solo career, the singer is also branching out elsewhere to express himself creatively. This summer he'll appear in Dunkirk, which will mark his acting debut, but Styles couldn't just go into Christopher Nolan's next movie without going through a major life change. To fit into the movie's World War II setting, he had to chop off those dreamy locks of his, and as one would expect after a haircut of that magnitude, Styles felt very weird afterwards. As he put it:

I felt very naked. When I first told my parents I was going to be in a World War II film, they thought that I was playing a lady on the train station waving the soldiers off, so we had to make the chop. But it was good! It's very breezy.

While promoting his new sing "The Sign of the Times" on Elvis Duran and the Morning Show, Harry Styles talked a little bit about Dunkirk, including what cutting off his hair for the movie felt like. When you've had long hair for as long as Styles did, surely that feeling of nakedness sounds about right. Still, a hairdo like that wouldn't go over well if he truly was enlisted during World War II, so it had to go! Fortunately for Styles, he enjoyed the breezy feeling afterwards, so it wasn't all bad. Whether or not he ever goes back to such a short length again willingly remains to be seen, though if Styles intends to keep acting, he'll need to get used to making certain changes with his appearance for roles.

Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk will tell the real-life story of the Dunkirk evacuation, which took place in 1940 (only one year after World War II began) and saw Allied soldiers from Great Britain, Belgium, Canada and France being surrounded by German forces from the beaches of the eponymous location. Besides Harry Styles, the main cast includes Tom Hardy, Mark Rylance, Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy, James D'Arcy, Jack Lowden and Fionn Whitehead.

Check out the Dunkirk trailer below to catch a glimpse of Harry Styles and his other costars in full military/period attire.

You can see Harry Styles jump into the world of acting when Dunkirk is released on July 21, though theaters with physical film projectors have the option of screening it two days earlier. Don't forget to check out our 2017 schedule to find out when this year's other big movies are coming out.
Kit Harington may currently play the character you know and love as Jon Snow, but it turns out the actor auditioned for plenty of other roles on Game of Thrones before landing the King in the North. Thanks to a new sketch on Jimmy Kimmel Live, we now have "footage" of Harington's "never-before-seen screen tests" for other major characters in the series. And his auditions are priceless.

A wine-toting Cersei Lannister:

Jimmy Kimmel Live / YouTube

Arya Stark, with her sword Needle:

Jimmy Kimmel Live / YouTube

Jon's slain girlfriend, Ygritte:

Jimmy Kimmel Live / YouTube

Hodor:

Jimmy Kimmel Live / YouTube

Daenerys Targaryen—clearly Harington is fine with onscreen nudity:

Jimmy Kimmel Live / YouTube

And, least convincingly, a White Walker:

Jimmy Kimmel Live / YouTube

Watch the full reel below, and see Kit Harington resume his role as Jon Snow when Game of Thrones returns on July 16.


It’s over for Ben Affleck and Lindsay Shookus. The actor found love with the Saturday Night Live producer after his 2015 split from estranged wife Jennifer Garner. The pair went public with their romance in July 2017, but they called it quits in August 2018.

After briefly rekindling their romance in February 2019, multiple sources confirmed to Us Weekly that the two split for a second time in April. “She has a kid and an ex-husband and a job in New York and Ben has his family and a job in L.A., and while they love and respect each other, they just realized it wasn’t going to work,” an insider explained to Us of their decision to part ways. “They really gave it another solid try.”

Despite things not working out for Affleck and Shookus, the insider added the pair “will always have love for each other.”

Scroll down to see the timeline of Affleck and Shookus’ relationship.
By Cheang Ming

Kentucky Fried Chicken celebrated its 30th anniversary of operations in China by unveiling a limited edition smartphone it had collaborated on with Chinese smartphone maker Huawei.

KFC made the announcement about the partnership with Huawei in a post on its Weibo account on Friday. An accompanying video on KFC’s Weibo account highlighted how far both brands had come since their humble beginnings when they first opened for business in 1987.

KFC opened its first restaurant in China a short distance from the Tiananmen Square in Beijing in November 1987. Today, Yum China, which counts KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell in its stable of brands, has more than 7,600 restaurants in the country.
Lauren Bushnell is a single woman.

The Bachelor alum recently split with her boyfriend, Devin Antin, a source confirms to ET. The two dated for just over a year.

Bushnell, who works with Antin on her line of rosé wine, Dear Rosé, opened up to ET about her relationship with Antin in July, admitting that she wishes she would have taken more time after her breakup with former Bachelor Ben Higgins before jumping into a romance with Antin.

"In hindsight, I wish I would have taken a little bit more time, but that's the way it went," she said of her romance with Antin, with whom she was friends before dating Higgins on The Bachelor.

"It naturally evolved," she explained. "But I do feel bad, because I went through a very hard, public breakup, and I do think I brought a lot of those emotions into me and Devin's relationship at the beginning. So it's definitely been, like, a roller coaster of a ride."

Higgins and Bushnell announced their breakup in May 2017, a year and a half after he proposed on The Bachelor. By July 2017, ET learned she was dating Antin.

"I think everyone always wants there to be someone at fault, or a reason why, or someone wants to point the finger, and I think because I started dating Devin so soon after, I was kind of an easy target," Bushnell expressed. "That was obviously hard, but breakups are hard, whether you met on The Bachelor or not. Breakups suck."

The former reality star said she wanted to take her time in her relationship with Antin and not rush into moving in together. But she did praise him for pushing her to go after new projects.

"He really does push me to do things that I've dreamt of or I'm passionate about or want to do, and not push me in a way that's like, aggressive," she told ET. "[He] gives me that little nudge that maybe I need at times, which is really cool, and I've never really had someone who does that for me."

See more in the video below.

RELATED CONTENT:
Security!

On the new episode of The Bachelorette, it seems like Rachel Lindsay finds out exactly why this seasons frontrunner Bryan Abasolo’s last relationship didn’t last – his mother!

The Bachelorette's airing of hometown dates is just days away and Monday night’s episode looks like it will definitely be one for the books as Rachel meets Bryan, Dean, Eric and Peter’s families.

While Dean seemed to be the most nervous about Rachel meeting his family, judging from the upcoming episode’s newest promo, it seems Bryan should have been the most anxious about Rachel meeting his murderous mama!
In–flight attire is a touchy subject these days, to say the least. The conversation came to a head last week when two young girls were told they would not be able to board a United Airlines flight because they were wearing leggings. And the issue of whether or not to wear sneakers, though not likely to set off a viral news story, still tends to polarize. Leave it to frequent flyer Miranda Kerr, though, to override the debate with a look that combined the comfort of a legging and the elegance of a heel in one fell swoop.

Kerr touched down at Los Angeles International airport today in a tonal look that started from the ground up. She wore stirrup spandex boots by Balenciaga, a legging-like silhouette that extends from hip to toe for a smooth, seamless finish. The effect was a stylish step up from the stretchy sportswear that we’re used to seeing at the airport—and everywhere else, for that matter.

Kerr tucked a slim navy top into an Alaïa miniskirt in the same shade. While a pencil skirt would have been impractical for travel, her fit-and-flare silhouette offered a more movement-friendly alternative that felt just as feminine. Plus, the laser-cut detail on the hem tied in with the floral embroidery covering the Samantha Thavasa shoulder bag swinging at her side. Kerr threw on a tailored overcoat in for good measure, because you never know when those cabin temperatures might take a dip.
Who is Beyonce Knowles dating? Who Beyonce Knowles dated; list of Beyonce Knowles loves, ex boyfriends; breakup rumors. The loves, exes and relationships of Beyonce Knowles, listed by most recent. Queen Bey fans also need to check out these lesser known Beyonce stories, photos of Beyonce without makeup, and even this list of celebrities who don't like Beyonce!

If you're wondering about Beyonce's exes, find out here! Beyonce's past relationships have not been covered much in the media.

Did you know that Beyonce only dated one guy before Jay-Z? Now you do, though she is also rumored to have linked up with another famous rapper. Are you surprised that Beyonce doesn't have more exes?
SANTA CLARITA, Calif. – Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon and Mindy Kaling, bejeweled and festooned in fantastical garb, are peering over a young teen who lies crumpled on the ground.

“She’s giving in to the darkness,” says a hushed Winfrey, whose eyebrows have been replaced with clusters of purple gemstones.

“Breathe, sweetie,” coaxes a flame-haired Witherspoon, as a regally costumed Kaling looks on, worried. Storm Reid, then 13 and playing A Wrinkle in Time’s protagonist, Meg Murry, flutters her eyes.

More:These images from 'A Wrinkle in Time' will make you emotional

Related:10 books to read before they become movies in 2018

“This is a life or death situation," calls out director Ava DuVernay from behind a monitor. "And, action!”

A Wrinkle in Time, the sci-fi adventure about a teen who combs the universe for her missing father, will hit theaters March 9 — 56 years after author Madeleine L'Engle debuted her sci-fi novel, a work that defied skeptics by featuring both quantum physics and a young girl at its center.

L'Engle's mind-bending fantasy, which employs three astral travelers as the girl's guides (Mrs. Which, played by Winfrey; Mrs. Whatsit, played by Witherspoon; and Mrs. Who, played by Kaling), went on to become Newbery Medal-winning required reading in many schools.

Now, Disney's Wrinkle is cracking Hollywood’s glass ceiling, marking the first time any studio handed a budget of $100 million or more to a woman of color.

DuVernay’s inclusive worldview is reflected throughout Wrinkle. In L'Engle's book, Meg Murray is a white teenager from Connecticut; in the film she's an African-American girl from South Central L.A. who comes from an interracial family. The latter is “never commented on, which I think is great,” says a bearded Chris Pine, who plays Meg’s astrophysicist father.

The director also shifted away from the all-white Mrs. characters in L'Engle's book, instead assembling Winfrey, Kaling and Witherspoon as Meg's galactic guides. “I just started to think about really wanting to represent different kinds, cultures, sizes, ages of women,” DuVernay says.

When Winfrey read the script by Frozen's Jennifer Lee, she was taken with "Ava’s idea for inclusion, diversifying, opening it up so that the Mrs. are not all like Mrs. Doubtfire, little New England biddies, but this eclectic group of star angels who have their own way of being in the world. That was really kind of thrilling to me."

Kaling, DuVernay adds, “is a piece of the puzzle that is so important, because when we talk about inclusion in this country we say black and white, and we forget all the other people. The three of them together are quite formidable in what they represent for women at large.”

Today, a Girl Scout cookie drive adds an earthly touch on a soundstage cloaked in massive, saturated blue sheets, onto which the computer-generated world of Wrinkle will be overlaid. (DuVernay tosses a box of cookies to Reid once the scene wraps.)

Cameras roll, and Reid pretends to struggle to breathe as Winfrey and cast stand in position on sheets of glass made to look like an iceberg.

DuVerney squints at the screen.

“You’ve got fingerprints I can see all around her,” she says. “It’s supposed to be ice.” A female production assistant runs in, wiping the surface down. The director, dressed in jeans and a black sweatshirt, joins in on hands and knees, pointing out prints to wipe.

More:Oprah wears the most amazing outfits in 'Wrinkle in Time' trailer

Also:10 must-see films of 2018, from the new 'Fantastic Beasts' to 'Mary Poppins'

DuVernay stays on the floor with Reid, softly talking to the young actress, who is playing her first major role. “All right?” she says. The teen nods. “Let’s get another (take)," says the director.

Once they wrap, Winfrey regally ambles by in her metallic blue lipstick, a blond curly wig and a massive geometric skirt. Today is the second day Pine has worked alongside the mogul. “It’s so cool, man,” he says. “We talked books together the other day," trading recommendations. (His was Anthony Doerr's All the Light We Cannot See.)

Embodying Mrs. Which is no joke: It takes two aides to hold Winfrey up as she inches in platform heels toward her tent. “It is a THING,” she says a few minutes later of her getup, while leaning precariously on a stool. “Two people have to help me sit. Three people help me get dressed. Or was it four this morning?”

At night, she says, "it takes me at least a half-hour just to get (Mrs. Which's makeup) off. See, my own eyebrows are covered, they’re glued down. Those makeup removal pads, I use like 10 of those first, then a makeup remover thing, and then you start the whole washing process."

Get down to brass tacks, and Winfrey acknowledges she didn’t expect to be here. “I never planned on being in A Wrinkle in Time. It came about because Ava said (the movie was) going to be shooting in New Zealand," where production moves the following week. "I always wanted to go to New Zealand!”

More:10 major milestones for women behind the camera in Hollywood

Earlier:Reese Witherspoon: 'I have 3 legs'; Oprah Winfrey: 'I know you accept my 3d hand'

So much so that Winfrey blocked out Wrinkle’s shooting dates on her calendar to hang out and be a spectator. It was only then that DuVernay, who generally avoids asking Winfrey for favors, asked her to read the script. Winfrey fell for Mrs. Which, a character she calls sort of a Glinda the Good Witch imbued with the wisdom of Maya Angelou.

And now, she’s stuck. Literally.

“I can’t move my arms. Oh, I’m caught,” Winfrey sighs. “This happens all day long.”

What does Winfrey do when she goes home after a day on set in full hair and makeup?

"I will open the refrigerator in my hotel and get a bad glass of wine. You know, the kind with the cap on it." She laughs. "And take a hot bath and (the next day) start all over again."
Aaron Carter is speaking out about his DUI arrest over the weekend – lashing out at police and even his brother Nick.

The former child star, 29, was pulled over about 9 p.m. Saturday in Habersham County, Georgia, about 90 miles north of Atlanta. He was charged with driving under the influence, possession of less than one ounce of marijuana and possession of drug-related objects.

His girlfriend, Madison Parker, was in the car with him and was also arrested, PEOPLE confirms. She was charged with possession of marijuana, obstruction of law enforcement officers and possession of drug-related objects, according to the sheriff’s office.

Backstreet Boy Nick Carter shared a message to his younger brother on Twitter following news of the incident.

“To my brother: I love u no matter what & if u feel the need to reach for help, I am here and willing to help you get better,” Nick, 37, wrote. “Family isn’t always easy, [but] we’re all here for you.”

Aaron Carter. Habersham County Sheriff's Office via AP

In a public statement posted on Twitter Sunday night, Aaron made it clear that he didn’t think his brother went about the situation in the right away.

“If my own blood truly cared about my well-being, why wouldn’t he call me directly and have a conversation instead of making this about him through a very public forum?” he said in the statement. “That’s not cool at all to use me for his PR and kick me while I am down. I love my family despite it through thick and thin.”

Nick seemingly responded to the message by retweeting a post by Nick’s wife, Lauren, which read, “Hey @aaroncarter have @itsmadisonp text me your new number since you changed it again!”

Aaron’s rep Jonathan Ward tells PEOPLE the popstar is reachable by his family — “whom he loves” — at any time.

“Nick and Lauren have his number – it hasn’t changed. They last spoke on July 6,” Ward tells PEOPLE exclusively. “He doesn’t feel it was proper, what happened. You don’t reach out through Twitter.”

Aaron Carter also professed his innocence of all charges – and claimed he was targeted by police because he was famous.

According to the statement, Carter said he was at an AutoZone in Georgia to fix a tire that was out of alignment on his car when police officers arrested him “with aggression.”

He added that he has a license for medical marijuana for his anxiety and feels he was marked due to his fame.

“He feels his ‘celebrity’ was targeted and an attorney will be retained in this matter,” the statement said. “The video from AutoZone will prove that Aaron was not in a moving vehicle while arrested and charged with a DUI.”

Medical marijuana is legal in Georgia with a license. However, anxiety is not one of the 14 specific conditions covered.

Madison Parker and Aaron Carter. Allen Berezovsky/Getty Image

The singer was previously arrested for investigation of marijuana possession in 2008.

Carter has previously said he “smokes bud,” but denied drinking or doing any other drugs.

During a candid interview for an episode of Oprah: Where Are They Now? last year, Aaron admitted that he turned to drugs and alcohol to self-medicate for depression he experienced after his parents’ divorce and his time on Dancing with the Stars.

“I started getting really heavy into drinking and was telling people, ‘I’m on a real bad path right now. I need help,’ ” he explained.

In 2011, Aaron checked himself into the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, California “to heal some emotional and spiritual issues he was dealing with,” his manager at the time, Johnny Wright, previously said in a statement.

Aaron has been in the spotlight since recording his first album at age seven. He was just 12 when his song “Aaron’s Party (Come Get It)” dropped. It went triple platinum and made him an international sensation.
Just a few weeks ago, Bachelor in Paradise wasn't a sure thing that was happening this summer, but now it's officially coming back on August 14. But the first footage of the show fans got to see wasn't exactly what most people expected. On Monday night, the Bachelor in Paradise Season 4 trailer dropped and a lot of fans felt that it seemed kind of inappropriate after everything that's happened surrounding the show. (ABC declined to comment on the promo.)

Instead of showing a few scenes that would give fans something to look forward to in the month left before the premiere like most first promos do, this one had a bit of a different tone. It first played up how upset some fans were when they found out that Bachelor in Paradise production was put on hold last month following a producer complaint about the relationship between Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson. Then the preview showed how some fans celebrated when news broke that the show actually was coming back, after all.

At the time of the production shut down, Warner Brothers, the production company for the show, stated: "We have become aware of allegations of misconduct on the set of Bachelor in Paradise in Mexico. We have suspended production and we are conducting a thorough investigation of these allegations. Once the investigation is complete, we will take appropriate responsive action." The investigation was later concluded with no evidence of wrongdoing. A Warner Bros. spokesperson gave this statement to Bustle about production resuming.

Our internal investigation, conducted with the assistance of an outside law firm, has now been completed. Out of respect for the privacy interests of those involved, we do not intend to release the videotape of the incident. We can say, however, that the tape does not support any charge of misconduct by a cast member. Nor does the tape show, contrary to many press reports, that the safety of any cast member was ever in jeopardy. Production on this season of Bachelor in Paradise will be resuming, and we plan to implement certain changes to the show’s policies and procedures to enhance and further ensure the safety and security of all participants.”

But even though many fans were happy when they found out that BiP was coming back after all, it seemed wrong to many fans to promote the season this way — after all, what happened involved real people and affected their real lives.

Even though the investigation launched by Warner Brothers came up with no evidence of wrongdoing, Corinne and DeMario have both been open about how the situation affected their lives outside of BiP in interviews they've done since. And beyond Corinne and DeMario, there was an entire cast of people (plus the show's crew) who were affected by the show's brief suspension of production. Making light of the situation wasn't really the best way the show could have chosen to handle or move past what happened. In fact, the trailer didn't even need to address it — that could have been saved for the premiere — but the way that it did was uncomfortable for many to watch.

The trailer talked more about the fact that the show was cancelled and then revived than what's going to happen in the season to come. There were a few quick clips and soundbites from contestants, but it paled in comparison to the amount of time spent on showing tweets from fans on the screen.

There are many fans who are excited to watch BiP in August. But celebrating it so blatantly when real people's lives were involved? That didn't really seem to sit well with many viewers.
Does Blac Chyna have a bun in the oven?! The 29-year-old star has been making headlines as she and her much younger boyfriend, 18-year-old rapper YBN Almighty Jay, continue to step out together, but according to a new report by MTO News that was further confirmed by Page Six on April 30, Chyna is nearly three months pregnant with his baby.

Chyna sparked the pregnancy rumors when she and Jay were spotted at LAX on April 28, where fans thought she was sporting a bit of a bump, which she tried to cover up with a baggy sweatshirt. According to the report, Chyna flashed a smile at the paparazzi and even rubbed her stomach. In a recent interview, Jay admitted he wasn't wearing condoms, and that he wouldn't mind if Chyna got pregnant. "I don’t wear condoms," he said. "I would not want to f–k a bitch I did not want to get pregnant. If Chyna got pregnant, I would keep that s–t like ‘ohh daddy love you,’ I love that ass.’"

https://www.instagram.com/p/BgmfJ1Jlvs4/

If the news is true, it would be the pair's first child together, though Chyna is already a mom of two. She shares 16-month-old daughter Dream with her ex Rob Kardashian, and she also shares a five-year-old son named King with her ex, Tyga. Even though it seems like Chyna really enjoys motherhood, her co-parenting relationship with her exes aren't going as smooth. Rob and Chy may start battling it out soon for custody of Dream after Chyna was involved in a violent incident at an amusement park earlier this month. TMZ also stated that Rob doesn't want Chyna introducing Dream to all of the men that she dates unless she becomes involved in a long-term romance.

Chyna and Jay may have only been dating since February, but things seemed to have turned serious quickly. Just a few weeks ago, Jay posted an Instagram of Chyna with the caption, "Will You Marry Me?" It looks like Jay was just professing his love for his girlfriend, as Chyna hasn't been seen wearing a ring, and she's been staying silent on both the engagement and pregnancy rumors — though the speculation is only growing, as fans have started posting comments on her Instagram claiming that they see a baby bump.

On one of her most recent photos, one fan wrote, "I love the outfit, but… Chyna looks pregnant in this picture… I see her glow… I tried to hold it in and I can't," while another simply exclaimed, "I see a bump!!! Congratulations!!" It looks like we'll have to keep our eyes peeled to see whether or not Chyna really is expecting another little one.
Ivanka Trump sat in place of her father at a G-20 Summit meeting with world leaders on Saturday, and social media is unloading on her for it.

Donald Trump 's daughter is being slammed for taking her dad's place in the meeting. Ivanka, who has a White House job as her one of her father's key advisors, was apparently told to take his place in the meeting while he briefly exited the room.

A Russian official tweeted (and then deleted) a photograph of Ivanka Trump sitting in between British Prime Minister Theresa May and Chinese President Xi Jinping. The move was heavily criticized, as a BBC correspondent noted that when a President isn't available to take his seat in meeting for whatever reason, it is usually filled by a high-ranking member of his office.
Laugh it off. Oliver Hudson joked about his sister Kate Hudson‘s rumored romance with Brad Pitt on Instagram on Friday, January 20.

Related: PHOTOS: Unlikely Celebrity Couples They dated?! From Tom Cruise and Cher to Taylor Kinney and Lady Gaga, some celebrity couples don't always make sense to the untrained eye. Check out these unexpected celebrity romances.

The Rules of Engagement alum, 40, shared a photo of a recent Star magazine cover, which claimed Kate, 37, and Pitt, 53, are “getting serious” and have moved in together. Oliver was clearly amused by the tabloid rumors and wrote a lengthy (and sarcastic) response to shut down the speculation.

“Yeah and it’s been hell!! He’s messy as s–t!” Oliver captioned his Instagram post. “He drinks out of the f–king carton and leaves the door open when he’s taking a dump!! And this is when he’s at MY house!!! He’s already calling me brother and has driven a wedge between myself and my real brother Wyatt who now won’t speak to me. He insists my kids call him uncle B and lost my youngest at the Santa Monica pier for 2 days.. thank god for amber alert.”

Related: PHOTOS: Celebs Fight Back on Twitter! Stars like Gabourey Sidibe, Sarah Jessica Parker, Miley Cyrus, and Ariana Grande fight back against the haters on social media — see their classic retorts

“My mom [Goldie Hawn]’s overtly flirting with him!” he continued. “She’s wearing these little nighties around the house now?! But ALL DAY!! Like at 3pm! And Pa [Kurt Russell] just keeps saying ‘All right!! It’s Brad Pitt!!’ Anyway not going well.. so BP.. it’s time to move out man.. I need my life back dog.. I’ll smoke one more bowl and then get the f–k out.. we thank you.. oh and I found your medical bracelet so I’ll get that back to you.. ok..”

Related: PHOTOS: Brad Pitt's Us Weekly Covers: 1995 to Now! Take a look at Brad Pitt's Us Weekly covers through the years, from his first "True Confessions" cover in 1995

This isn’t the first time the Hudson family has laughed off rumors of a romance between Kate and Pitt, who is in the midst of a bitter divorce and custody battle with Angelina Jolie. Days before Oliver’s Instagram post, a paparazzo asked Hawn, 71, if she was “ready to have Brad as a son-in-law,” causing the Snatched actress to burst out laughing, according to a video posted by The Sun. “You did make me laugh,” Hawn admitted.
Justin Bieber brought some serious bling with him to the Bahamas. The singer proposed to Hailey Baldwin after only a few weeks of dating (but close to a decade of friendship) during a special island engagement moon, and the model is now wearing not one but two rings on her left hand.

In photos circulating social media, Baldwin is seen wearing a huge oval diamond engagement ring set on what looks to be a rose gold pavé diamond band. A second solo wedding-like band is seen on top of the diamond.

“Justin is of course ahead of the trends, selecting an oval stone for Hailey’s ring, which has been somewhat rare over the past decade but is making a huge resurgence,” Andrew Brown, President of WP Diamonds tells PEOPLE. “Hailey’s oval stone is about six carats, F-G color grade and VS clarity, making it one of the better diamonds out there. Set in an elegant rose gold pavé band, the retail on this stone would be around $400,000.”

And while Baldwin is wearing what looks like a wedding band, a source tells PEOPLE this trip was all about an engagement.

“Justin picked out the ring before they flew to the Bahamas,” a source close to the Canadian superstar, 24, told PEOPLE exclusively. “He took Hailey on a special trip to propose. She didn’t know.”

Bieber was “nervous but excited,” ahead of the proposal, adds the source. “He is super happy that she said, ‘Yes.'”

RELATED VIDEO: Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin Hit Washington State for Church and a Hot Tub Session

The large oval diamond looks very similar to Blake Lively’s engagement ring from Ryan Reynolds, designed by Lorraine Schwartz. Baldwin, 21, often turns to the Schwartz with help accessorizing her red carpet looks, but a rep for the brand confirmed to PEOPLE that the jeweler is not behind the ring.

Splash News

On Sunday, PEOPLE confirmed that the Drop the Mic co-host and the singer are engaged.

“It’s kind of a surprise, but kind of not. Justin has been extremely happy these past few weeks,” an insider said of Bieber’s proposal. “He has known Hailey for a long time. This might seem sudden, but they know each other very well.”
Brad Pitt is making matcha green tea on a cool morning in his old Craftsman in the Hollywood Hills, where he's lived since 1994. There have been other properties in other places—including a château in France and homes in New Orleans and New York City—but this has always been his kids' “childhood home,” he says. And even though they're not here now, he's decided it's important that he is. Today the place is deeply silent, except for the snoring of his bulldog, Jacques.

Pitt wears a flannel shirt and skinny jeans that hang loose on his frame. Invisible to the eye is that sculpted bulk we've seen on film for a quarter-century. He looks like an L.A. dad on a juice cleanse, gearing up to do house projects. On the counter sit some plated goodies from Starbucks, which he doesn't touch, and some coffee, which he does. Pitt, who exudes likability, general decency, and a sense of humor (dark and a little cockeyed), says he's really gotten into making matcha lately, something a friend introduced him to. He loves the whole ritual of it. He deliberately sprinkles some green powder in a cup with a sifter, then pours in the boiling water, whisking with a bamboo brush, until the liquid is a harlequin froth. “You're gonna love this,” he says, handing me the cup.

Get the summer issue of GQ Style on newsstands soon, or subscribe here.

Serenity, balance, order: That's the vibe, at least. That's what you think you're feeling in the kitchen of Brad Pitt's perfectly constructed, awesomely decorated abode. Outside, children's bikes are lined up in the rack; a blown-up dragon floatie bobs on the pool through the window. From the sideboard, with its exquisite inlay, to the vase on the mantel, the house exudes care and intention. And it carries its own stories, not just about when the Jolie-Pitts were a happy family, but also from back in the day, when Jimi Hendrix crashed here. It's said he wrote “May This Be Love” out in the grotto, with its waterfall (Waterfall / Nothing can harm me at all…). “I don't know if it's true,” says Pitt, “but a hippie came by and said he used to drop acid with Jim back there, so I run with the story.”

And yet Pitt is the first one to acknowledge that it's been chaos these past six months, during what he calls a “weird” time. In conversation, he seems absolutely locked in one moment and a little twitchy and forlorn in the next, having been put on a journey he didn't intend to make but admits was “self-inflicted.” The unfortunate worst of it surfaced in public this past September. When he was on a flight to Los Angeles aboard a private plane, there was a reported altercation between Pitt and one of his six children, 15-year-old Maddox. An anonymous phone call was made to the authorities, which triggered an FBI investigation (ultimately closed with no charges). Five days later, his wife, Angelina Jolie, filed for divorce. By then, everything in Pitt's world was in free fall. It wasn't just a public-relations crisis—there was a father suddenly deprived of his kids, a husband without wife. And here he is, alone, a 53-year-old human father/former husband smack in the middle of an unraveled life, figuring out how to mend it back together.
The entertainment industry is mourning Bill Paxton, who died Sunday at the age of 61.

Stars like Tom Hanks, Charlize Theron, Jordan Peele, William Shatner, Rob Lowe, Kumail Nanjiani, and Jamie Lee Curtis paid tribute to the late actor — best known for his roles in films like Aliens, Twister, Apollo 13, True Lies, Titanic, and the Golden Globe-nominated HBO series Big Love — on social media soon after the news of his death broke.

“Devastated by the sudden loss of my close friend and one of the finest actors in the business, Bill Paxton. Renaissance man, raconteur and uniquely American national treasure,” Lowe tweeted Sunday morning. “His friendship was a blessing… In his memory, on this Oscar Sunday, watch One False Move or A Simple Plan to see this lovely leading man, at his finest.”

Referencing Paxton’s role in Aliens, Josh Gad added: “The loss of #BillPaxton is beyond crushing. Once again, an icon, far too young, gone far too soon. Goodbye Private Hudson.”

Read on for more industry reactions to Paxton’s death.
Khloé Kardashian has forgiven Tristan Thompson after his shocking cheating scandal, but she’s not exactly ready to play house with her baby daddy just yet. Even though the reality star and NBA baller have officially returned to Los Angeles with their precious daughter, Tristan feels “dumped” since she’s not letting him move in with them. “She still wants him in her life, and she wants True to have a father,” a source tells In Touch exclusively. “He may not be the best boyfriend, but he’s a good father.”

“She’d been planning to ask him to move in when she returned home from Cleveland with True,” our source explained. “But then the cheating scandal happened, and she had to rethink everything. There obviously are trust issues now. But Khloé still hasn’t kicked him to the curb. She found it in her heart to forgive him. She just doesn’t think it’s the right time for them to be moving in together.”

It looks like Khloé is trying to put the drama behind her once and for all, as she was spotted out with the Cavaliers star on June 18. The new parents stopped by the celebrity hotspot Nobu before making their way to The Peppermint Club. Khloé appears to be putting on a brave face after welcoming baby True in April, days after the cheating scandal came to light. As they work on their relationship issues, Khloé will stay at her house while Tristan will reside nearby at his Los Angeles-based home.

Khloé has faced no shortage of drama after Tristan’s infidelities. A video surfaced in April of her baby daddy kissing one woman while being groped by another in Washington, D.C., while Khloé was reportedly three months pregnant. Making matters even worse, Tristan was also spotted making out with Instagram model Lani Blair at an NYC nightclub days before Khloé gave birth to their first child together. Time will tell if they can work through their differences!

Read more about Khloé and Tristan in the latest issue of In Touch on newsstands now!
We're pretty sure there's nothing that Amal Clooney can't do, and do beautifully.

Like, say, wearing a pants-and-dress combo to walk the red carpet at Monday's annual Metropolitan Museum of Art Gala. Clooney and her husband George were our favorite couple from the evening, and she stunned in a shiny floral print strapless gown with a long flowing train and trousers.

Amal Clooney at the 2018 Met Gala on May 7, wowing everyone. But she wasn't done yet. Getty Images

But as we learned from Vogue editor Anna Wintour on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert," Amal wasn't done stunning us for the evening.

"She wore this incredible dress on the red carpet that was designed by a young British designer called Richard Quinn but it was made of tin foil, so she was a little bit concerned it might rip during the evening," Wintour revealed.

Fortunately, the human rights lawyer had backup.

"She went into the gift shop and she changed into this extraordinary Tom Ford dress, which is designed to look like stained glass," Wintour continued.

And it was a stunner as well: a full-length fitted mosaic maroon gown with matching red accessories, including Christian Louboutin heels. She sat at the table next to Rihanna, who took our breath away in her beaded gown.

Amal Clooney (with husband George) in her second Met Gala dress, a red Tom Ford creation that evoked stained glass. Backgrid

"You sell this at the gift shop?" Colbert wondered incredulously. "I thought it was just astronaut ice cream and paperweights."

Apparently not. As Wintour noted, there's just one way you can get away with doing that.

"Only if you're Amal Clooney," she said.

Follow Randee Dawn on Twitter.
On Tuesday (Sept. 19) afternoon, Mexico City was devastated again by an earthquake 7.1 in magnitude at its epicenter. Previously, on Sept. 7, Mexico City was hit by an 8.1-magnitude earthquake.

As of Wednesday (Sept. 20) morning, 217 people have been confirmed dead with several others injured. According to The New York Times, “The earthquake happened on the 32nd anniversary of a devastating 1985 quake that killed as many as 10,000 people and flattened 400 buildings in Mexico City. That quake led to a tougher new construction code in the capital.”

As did millions, artists took to Twitter and Instagram to express grief and prayers toward those in Mexico City. See some of their posts below.

A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce) on Sep 19, 2017 at 5:20pm PDT

A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce) on Sep 19, 2017 at 5:20pm PDT

A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce) on Sep 19, 2017 at 5:20pm PDT

Praying for everyone in Mexico City. So devastated. — Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) September 20, 2017

—- and ?? to Mexico. — Rita Ora (@RitaOra) September 20, 2017

My ?? absolutely breaks for u Mexico & everyone affected by these recent natural disasters. You’re in my thoughts & prayers. — — Quincy Jones (@QuincyDJones) September 20, 2017

My prayers and thoughts are with the people of Mexico City & Puerto Rico today and everyday. Devastating news to read!! Heartbreaking — Sam Smith (@samsmithworld) September 20, 2017

So sorry about what has happened in Mexico City. Hope everyone is okay x — Shawn Mendes (@ShawnMendes) September 19, 2017

You’re in my thoughts #MexicoCity one of my favorite places when we toured with HSM —— — Ashley Tisdale (@ashleytisdale) September 20, 2017

A post shared by Shawn Mendes (@shawnmendes) on Sep 19, 2017 at 11:09pm PDT

My heart goes out to the people of Mexico today. So much damage being done all around the world. Pray without ceasing. — NICKI MINAJ (@NICKIMINAJ) September 19, 2017

Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Mexico right now. — THE CHAINSMOKERS (@TheChainsmokers) September 20, 2017

Praying for everyone in Mexico — my heart is broken for my mellogang — marshmello (@marshmellomusic) September 20, 2017

Estas imagines me duelen en el alma, Te quiero Mexico — https://t.co/HHmuTaNGnL — camila (@Camila_Cabello) September 19, 2017

Mexico…. my heart is with u, sending prayers and love ????——– — Fergie (@Fergie) September 19, 2017
Her maybe baby bump just keeps getting bigger!Ben Affleck's girlfriend Lindsay Shookus left their shared Pacific Palisades mansion over the weekend with suitcases in hand, and we couldn't help but notice that her midsection looked noticeably fuller, and her boobs have gotten a lot bigger. To us, those are two huge signs that she's got a bun in the oven!The Oscar winner and the SNL producer have been busy crossing off some major milestones on their relationship checklist recently. Not only did they move in together, but the A-list actor has been spending time bonding with her daughter Madeline, and he recently spent the weekend with her parents when they came into town. The only things left are a wedding and a baby!In fact, rumors are swirling that the couple plan to tie the knot in Hawaii by the end of summer, adding fuel to the growing speculation that she's indeed pregnant with their first child!If she isn't preggo and they really wanted the gossip to stop, they would just issue a denial, but we think it's telling that they haven't...
Image Credit: REX/Shutterstock

Katy Perry, 33, and Orlando Bloom, 41, reportedly had a quickie wedding in Prague! “Word in her inner circle is that her recent trip to Prague to visit him was actually an elopement,” a source tells OK! mag. “Katy has never had a connection with a man like the one she has with Orlando. Friends say neither of them wanted to waste more time apart.” While visiting Bloom in Prague — where he’s currently filming his upcoming Amazon series, Carnival Row — the mag’s source says Perry and the actor enjoyed a romantic lunch on February 28, where they cozied up together at Cafe Savoy.

As you may know, Perry and Bloom have both been married in the past. Perry wed actor Russell Brand, 42, in October 2010, and later divorced him in July 2012. Bloom wed model Miranda Kerr, 34, in July 2010. The two — who share a son, Flynn, 7, together — divorced in July 2013. However, all hope for lifelong love isn’t lost for Perry and Bloom, the insider says, adding that “Katy is a romanic at heart.” — “Her first wedding [to Brand], was a spectacle, then the marriage went down in flames… They’ve [Perry and Bloom] both always said if they did it again, they’d want it to be quiet and intimate.” And, according to the mag, they accomplished just that.

Rumors that Katy and Orlando had rekindled their romance began to spread in early January 2018, when they were together on holiday in the Maldives; A vacation that the mag claims the two “officially” rekindled their romance on. Before that, the two were spotted at an Ed Sheeran concert in LA back in August 2017. The on-again, off-again lovers have also been teasing a reconciliation by flirting on social media, liking one another’s photos and leaving comments throughout their split… or lack there of.

Katy and Orlando originally announced their split in late February, 2017, just days after they seemed happier than ever at numerous Oscars parties. At the time their reps gave a joint statement which read, “Before rumors or falsifications get out of hand we can confirm that Orlando [Bloom] and Katy [Perry] are taking respectful, loving space at this time.”

The two stars have yet to address or confirm the wedding report.
If Jelena fans were still holding out hope that there was still a connection between Selena Gomez, 25, and Justin Bieber, 23, the fact that he didn’t know she underwent a top-secret kidney transplant should be proof enough that these two don’t stay in contact. The “Hands To Myself” singer shocked the world when she revealed on Sept. 14 that her best friend Francia Raisa, 29, donated one of her kidneys to Selena after her Lupus condition required the operation earlier this summer. Justin found out just like the rest of her fans via her Instagram post about it because they just don’t talk anymore.

“He is hearing about this just as everyone is hearing about it. He’s he is happy that she is okay, but he has no interest in contacting her to see how she is doing. This will not be a catalyst for them to talk again. He is generally happy she is okay, but that is all he wants to deal with right now when it comes to her,” a source close to the Biebs tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. See pics from Selena’s kidney transplant, here.

Even though they both go to Hillsong Church, Selena kept word of her surgery super quiet and the news never made it back to Justin, according to TMZ. The site says that the pair actively keeps their distance at services. “They don’t talk. Period,” their source claims. Another source said, “It was a childhood thing. They’ve both had other relationships. It’s over.” Isn’t that the truth! Selena’s been blissfully happy dating The Weeknd, 27, for nine months now and he was totally her “rock” during the medical crisis. Even though the singer was on tour, he stayed in constant contact to make sure his lady was doing well. Oh man, how stressful that must have been! If these two can make it through something as serious as an organ transplant ordeal, there’s nothing that can break their union.

HollywoodLifers, would you donate a kidney to your BFF if they needed it?
At an intimate show in his hometown of Tishomingo, Oklahoma, February 9, Blake Shelton offered the crowd plenty of their favorites — including his girlfriend, Gwen Stefani. “Gwen sat in the stands and was grooving along,” a concert-goer says in the new issue of Us Weekly. “Blake sang a lot in her direction.” At one point, he even shared a sweet detail of their home life, says the witness: “Their dog was having puppies and they couldn’t wait to get home!”

Related: Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani’s Road to Romance: See a Timeline! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani confirmed that they are dating on Nov. 4 -- see a timeline of their romance!

For now, those furry family members are serving as surrogates of sorts. “Blake and Gwen have decided to put plans to have a baby on hold,” an insider shares in the new issue. “Their feeling is if it happens naturally, great. But they’ve decided to not focus on it for the time being.”

Stefani, 48, and Shelton, 41, have been trying to conceive for over a year, the source reveals. But the one blessing of their struggle is that it’s made them stronger than ever. The source says Shelton is “absolutely devoted” to Gwen’s sons, Kingston, 11, Zuma, 9, and Apollo, 4: “Blake is extremely attentive, loving and doting towards Gwen and the boys.”

Related: Celebrity Couples and How They First Met: Love Story Beginnings Star-crossed lovers! Ever wonder how celebrity couples like Brangelina, Tom and Gisele, and the Beckhams first met? Whether it was through mutual friends or at work, check out their love story beginnings here!

Shelton’s devotion is part of what made the couple try for a child together. “Blake has always wanted children,” explains a friend. “And he’s great with Gwen’s kids, which prompted them wanting their own.”

The No Doubt singer was all in — but not anymore. “Not because of a change in her love for Blake,” explains the source, “but because she feels as if it might not be meant to be.” The country star is on board with her thoughts. “He is completely at peace with the prospect of not having any biological children of his own,” shares the insider.

Related: Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton’s Sweetest Moments: See Their Relationship Timeline Us Weekly shares Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton's sweetest relationship moments since their romance began in 2015 — check it out here

With no baby, they’ve also put their wedding plans on hold. Says the source, “Gwen is very traditional and wouldn’t want to be pregnant without being married.”

Still, things are hardly cooling off for the Voice coaches. “Their relationship has grown and matured into a stable, loving union,” explains the source. “The need to get married and have kids isn’t the priority it once was.”

When the duo first announced they were dating in November 2015, they were both going through emotional divorces. Stefani split from the father of her boys, Gavin Rossdale, after being married for 13 years, and Shelton had recently ended his four-year union with Miranda Lambert.

Now, the pair have settled in to an “easy, effortless love” together, says the source. That includes spending plenty of time on Shelton’s Oklahoma ranch — something the glamour girl surprisingly adores! Another favorite activity? “Gwen loves hanging out with Blake’s friends and wives,” says the source. The low-key loves enjoyed a couples’ trip with pals in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, this January.

For more on the couple’s decision to put their baby plans on hold, pick up the new issue of Us Weekly, on stands now.
Something went wrong, please try again later.

Invalid email Something went wrong, please try again later.

Get the best celeb gossip with the Daily Star Showbiz newsletter

Something went wrong, please try again later.

Get the best celeb gossip with the Daily Star Showbiz newsletter

(Image: V MAGAZINE)

In that time, we’ve seen her mix up her look in every way imaginable when it comes to hair, makeup and styling.

However, one aspect of the blonde’s appearance remains cloaked in mystery – her involvement with plastic surgery.

Other than cryptically confessing that she’s partial to the odd lip filler "and other fun stuff" back in 2014, the Slumber Party crooner has remained tight-lipped about her age-defying looks.

But fans on social media haven’t just been questioning how the 35-year-old continues to trump Father Time.

(Image: GETTY)

Some have suggested that she completely transformed herself in the run up to comeback album Glory, her first release in nine years.

Daily Star Online reached out to experts at cosmetic surgery specialist MYA to get a professional opinion on the subject.

They suspected that Britney had pretty much overhauled her entire face in one way or another.

"I believe that Britney has had a nose job to create a slimmer and more feminine shape to her front profile. It’s clear that the tip of her nose is slender and less bulbous in the more recent images of her," they told Daily Star Online exclusively.

(Image: WOMEN'S HEALTH)

"A regular top up of Botox to her forehead and around her eyes has ensured that her face remains wrinkle free, while raising her brow and opening her eyes more," they went on.

"I also believe cheek fillers have been used to help give her more defined cheek bones. Weight loss, weight fluctuation and general ageing all affect skin quality and take its toll on the fullness and elasticity of skin.

"Fillers can help create more feminine features like high cheek bones and Botox can fill in more defined lines or wrinkles."

(Image: ITV)

(Image: GETTY)

Britney was first hit with speculation she’d altered her face when she appeared on the covers of Women’s Health and V Magazine, although many were quick to point out heavy photo editing could be to blame for her apparent transformation.

Nonetheless, her appearance on Loose Women last year left plenty of viewers convinced that airbrushing or favourable lighting couldn’t account for her substantially different appearance.

Britney isn’t the only star to raise eyebrows when it comes going under the knife.

Earlier this month breast surgeon Dr Andrea Giannitrapani claimed Kylie Jenner had had a secret boob job and was suffering from post-surgery swelling.
CLICK HERE if you are having a problem viewing the photos on a mobile device

When Khloe Kardashian gave birth Thursday morning to her first child, the baby’s father, Tristan Thompson, was there despite the cheating scandal swirling around him, TMZ and other outlets reported.

Kardashian gave birth to her daughter around 4 a.m at a hospital outside Cleveland. Her mother Kris Jenner and sisters Kim Kardashian and Kourtney Kardashian also were there. The baby’s name and other details were not reported.

The Cleveland Cavaliers player had also been invited into the delivery room, despite the fact that he reportedly left Kardashian devastated and “ballistic” after news broke this week that he had been unfaithful to her with multiple women.

TMZ reported that the 33-year-old reality TV star, in her ninth month of pregnancy, began having contractions Wednesday amid all the turmoil of the cheating allegations.

Kardashian had relocated to Thompson’s hometown of Cleveland to enjoy the final stretch of her pregnancy and to give birth to her baby at an area hospital. When news surfaced about Thompson and his alleged trysts with other women, it was too late in her pregnancy for her to fly back to Los Angeles. Kris Jenner and Kim and Kourtney Kardashian rushed to Cleveland to be by her side.

As for having Thompson with her, sources told TMZ that Khloe Kardashian understood the importance of the birth in the lives of everyone involved and believed that the bond between her daughter and Thompson could be cemented in the delivery room.

“The Kardashians are furious with Tristan, but despite what happened in New York, Khloé really wanted him there for the birth of their daughter,” a source told Page Six.

Thompson’s presence in the delivery room came hours after he and his team lost to the lowly New York Knicks at Cleveland’s Quicken Loans Arena. Thompson didn’t receive a very warm welcome back at his home arena. TMZ and People both reported that people in the crowd booed when he joined the game late in the first quarter.

Kardashian’s labor started the day after reports began surfacing in various outlets that her NBA boyfriend had cheated on her in October, when she was three months pregnant, and more recently over the weekend, when he was traveling with his team in New York City.

The Daily Mail, TMZ and other outlets on Tuesday published photos and videos of Thompson, 27, making out with a curvy brunette at a club in New York City on Saturday night and then later entering a hotel room with the woman. She was subsequently identified by the Daily Mail and Page Six as an Instagram model and strip club bartender named Lani Blair.

TMZ also published a video of Thompson, shot by a surveillance camera in October 2017, at a Washington D.C. hookah lounge. Thompson is seen in the video making out with two women and allowing the women to grope him.

One of the women in the video told TMZ Wednesday that she had no idea Thompson was in a serious relationship with Khloe Kardashian when she and he had their “fling.”

A report in People magazine on Wednesday quoted an “insider” as saying that the cheating allegations were “a long time coming.”

“Tristan has been consistently cheating on Khloé,” the source told People. “He’s a serial cheater. And there will be more women to come out of the woodwork.”

This is not the turn in her relationship that Khloe Kardashian likely expected, certainly not recently when she posted happy baby bump photos of her in romantic, sexy poses with her baby daddy.

Kardashian and Thompson began dating in September 2016, with the “Keeping Up With the Kardashians” star soon proclaiming that she thought Thompson was the man she wanted to spend the rest of her life with.

In a June 2017 episode of “Keeping Up With the Kardashians,” she gushed about how she and Thompson had talked about starting a family together. “He wants to have five or six kids with me and that’s lovely. We could start at one and grow from there,” Kardashian said.

Kardashian and the rest of her famous family soon become regular fixtures at Cavaliers games. In December 2017, she announced her pregnancy by sharing a snap of her bare baby bump.

But the idea that Thompson would make loyal boyfriend/husband/father material seemed a stretch, given that he broke up with his previous girlfriend, Jordan Craig, while she was pregnant. Craig gave birth to their son, Prince, in December 2016 after he had begun to see Kardashian.

This story is developing.
The battle between the contestants on the current season of The Voice is nothing compared to the explosive war between longtime country coach Blake Shelton and newbie judge Kelly Clarkson ! The two dueling divas went at it on-camera this week over who will nab this season's country star contestant and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned their fighting didn't stop when camera's quit rolling. Find out what was said backstage that might cause Shelton to l iterally "Walk Away!"

Clarkson, 35 — whose mother-in-law happens to be country legend Reba McIntyre — came in swinging against existing coaches Shelton, 41, Adam Levine, 39, and Alicia Keys, 37, on her first season as a judge on The Voice!

RadarOnline.com was the first to report that there was some serious bad blood between Shelton and Clarkson prior to the season starting. In an interview at that time, Shelton said, “Make no mistake, Kelly is my friend, But when she's on this show, she is my enemy.”

That became clear on Monday night's episode, when the two went at it over country music contestants Wilkes , 33, and Jordan Kirkdorffer, 28. When it became clear to Shelton that Clarkson wanted to steal his top contenders, he said, "This is not a dating game. This is 'The Voice.'" But their bickering didn't end there, RadarOnline.com has learned.

According to an on-set source, "Kelly and Blake's relationship off-camera is even worse than it is on-camera. But they are like brother and sister. They fight, scream at each other and then they get over it."

"They are together like every day now and it's gotten to the point where she just walks away because she can't win an argument with Blake. No one can because he is always right," the insider revealed.

As fans know, Clarkson inked an enormous contract to join The Voice this season and it seems to have been worth it, as the show's ratings have been through the roof — destroying competitor American Idol. "Blake went off on her over how much money she is getting paid and how unfair it is," the source said. "They fight over stupid things, like the size of a dressing room."

"Blake loves to push Kelly's buttons and she gets upset so easily. But their chemistry is undeniable and at the end of the day, they both have nothing but love for each other," the insider added.

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
Kris Jenner and Caitlyn Jenner put aside their differences to co-parent their daughters, Kendall and Kylie, according to a new report. The former couple separated in 2013 and were reportedly not on good terms following the split, but things seem to have improved slightly since then.

“Kris and Caitlyn interact when they have to for the kids,” an insider told People. “It’s important for Kylie and Kendall. They can be cordial, but like most exes, they’re never going to be best friends.”

Earl Gibson III // Getty Images

As People points out, the family of four has reunited on several occasions, including Kylie's 21st birthday party earlier this month. "It wasn’t a happy, laughing interaction between Kris and Caitlyn," a source told the site. "It was more like, this is a moment where we’re coming together for the kids. It was very brief."

Caitlyn, who is said to have a strained relationship with stepdaughter Kim Kardashian, was seen in the KKW Beauty mogul's Snapchat story during Kylie's birthday.

Although the cameo hinted that the two are now on amicable terms, a source told People that Kim, Kourtney, and Khloé ignored Caitlyn at the celebration.

“Things are still frosty between them,” the insider said. “There are too many hurt feelings between Kris and Caitlyn and the older girls.”

Despite the friction between Caitlyn and Kim, Caitlyn and Kanye West seem to be on speaking terms. The rapper (and Kim's husband) recently tweeted a screenshot of texts he received from Jenner, where she thanked him for sending Yeezy looks to her rumored girlfriend Sophia Hutchins.

"So awesome. Your [sic] welcome," Kanye replied.
In actuality, it's unlikely that their bliss is related to the newness of their marriage. Because while it's true their marriage is just hitting the five-year mark today, their love story is some two decades in.

Their first few chapters were admittedly rocky. While playing somewhat hapless lovers Jackie Burkhart and Michael Kelso on That '70s Show in the late '90s, 14-year-old Kunis could not have been less interested in her 19-year-old costar. And she certainly never dreamed her real life first kiss with the man she thought of as "the Calvin Klein model" was actually her first with her future husband. But several years down the road, after keeping in sporadic touch thanks to AOL Instant Messenger, there was a surprise plot twist.

More than seven years and one failed friends-with-benefits pact later Kunis, 36, is thankful for the curveball. "I have the world's greatest husband," the Four Good Days actress gushed to E! News of the 42-year-old actor and venture capitalist. "I swear, I got very lucky, man."
Bad news, Brangelina fans—according to new reports, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's divorce is due to be finalized within the next few weeks. It truly is the end of an era.

RELATED STORY (Image credit: Getty Images) Angelina Jolie Talks Relationship with Brad Pitt

Recently, news broke that Jolie had been seeing a new man, amid rumors that Pitt has been dating new people too. A source revealed to Entertainment Tonight in March 2018 that, "Angie has told some friends she isn't ready to date, but she has been seeing a handsome, older-looking man who is a real estate agent."

And now, the Daily Mail reports that the former couple has "agreed on terms" for their divorce, and that they "are believed to have finally made their relationship 'respectful' for the sake of their six children." Sadly, it looks like Pitt and Jolie are never, ever getting back together.

(Image credit: Getty Images)

The Sun is also reporting that the divorce is imminent, and that the progress Jolie and Pitt have made is actually really positive: "It’s a huge turnaround from where the marriage ended, especially given the claims Angelina made against Brad, but they are now on pretty good terms." The pair are ready to co-parent their six kids, but move on romantically.

The divorce news follows reports that Pitt has made some positive changes in his life since his dramatic split from Jolie. As People noted last month, "Brad seems to be in a better place. The separation was very dark for him, but lately he looks healthier and happier. He seems excited about life."
Here’s another plot twist in Kourtney Kardashian’s love life. The KUWTK star is allegedly pregnant after publicly being seen with “what appeared to be a bump” in L.A. on July 30, a new report by OK! magazine claims! “It was strange to see because she’s usually so perfectly svelte,” a source told the outlet, and a friend to Kourt added, “Everyone is whispering that she’s pregnant with her fourth child.” If Kourtney is supposedly pregnant, then who on Earth is the father to baby number four? And by that, we mean, is it once again baby daddy Scott Disick, 35, or ex-boyfriend Younes Bendjima, 25? Naturally, one would assume it’s the younger model, who to the world was Kourtney’s boyfriend up until recently. But Kourtney’s anonymous friend makes a shocking claim — it’s more than likely Scott!

“They’ve been meeting up on the down-low for a while now,” the friend said, going so far as to add that Kourtney and Scott hooked up in Mexico. Keep in mind, Scott has been dating model Sofia Richie, 19, since 2017 – but reportedly, that was not on Scott’s mind when he allegedly hooked up with Kourtney in a “recent” trip to Mexico, the magazine claims! “They made it look like a family trip because their kids [Mason, 8, Penelope, 6, and Reign, 3] were there, but they hooked up,” the source said before adding, “Everyone is buzzing that she’s carrying Scott’s baby.” As far as we know, Kourtney and Scott, who broke up in 2015, haven’t publicly taken a family vacay with the kids in Mexico since 2016. But they did go to Punta Mita, Mexico just days apart with their respective lovers in January. Scott then returned to Mexico for a Cabo San Lucas getaway with the kids, but it was Sofia who played mommy. Is the magazine insinuating that Kourtney was a secret stow-away? The friend went on to say that Kourtney wouldn’t fret over Scott being her baby daddy again because “all of their kids came out beautifully.”

And apparently, Kourtney and Younes weren’t together for as long as most assumed. News just broke on Aug. 8 that Kourtney actually ended her relationship with the 25-year-old model on the second week of July because he cheated on her. Still, if Kourtney’s alleged baby bump wasn’t just a mistaken case of bloating, then Younes could very well be the father. It takes between 12 to 16 weeks for a bump to show. Sixteen weeks ago, Kourt and Younes were still very much on! Despite all the speculations, everyone’s stumped. Even Kourtney supposedly “isn’t sure how to handle this situation.” The friend added that Kourtney “isn’t saying if the daddy is Scott, Younes or another mystery man she’s been spending time with…it may end up taking some of Kris [Jenner’s] management skills to straighten out this mess!”

Maybe this report isn’t so wild, after a source close to Sofia EXCLUSIVELY shared with HollywoodLife.com on Aug. 7 that Sofia gave her boyfriend an ultimatum – it’s her or Kourtney! Is Sofia feeling threatened, which would only make the hookup rumors between Scott and Kourtney appear to be more than gossip? “[Sofia] wants to live a life with Scott, have a future with Scott and have kids with Scott,” our source told us. “So if he is thinking of getting back with Kourtney she wants none of it.”

HollywoodLife.com has reached out to Younes Bendjima’s and Scott Disick’s reps for a comment.
The couple is reportedly planning to go all out with the delivery of their babies

If recent reports are to believe, Hollywood power couple George and Amal Clooney are planning to spend over a million dollars for the delivery of their twins!

Earlier this year, it was confirmed that George and Amal were expecting twins, which British tabloids reported to be a boy and a girl. George wants to make sure the twins enter the world in the most royal manner possible.

According to entertainment portal Aceshowbiz.com, the Hollywood star has rented out the entire Kensington Wing at London's Chelsea and Westminster Hospital, which essentially comes down to $580,000 for a week's stay. Amal is also apparently flying in two 'birth companions' from Los Angeles for around $30,000. George also wants Amal to be completely relaxed during the birth, which is why he hired an Italian masseuse for the hotshot lawyer for $5,000.

The couple is already known to be pretty generous with their money. Amidst reports that they might spend a million dollars on their nursery, George and Amal reportedly gave their neighbours a £45,000 compensation package for the noise caused by the renovations to their estate recently. The package was said to include a holiday to Corfu, a six-week stay in a luxury hotel and a £30,000 lump sum. In addition, the Clooneys paid for their neighbours to rent a £780,000 cottage.

Recently, George was advised on raising twins by Prince Albert of Monaco, who has twins himself. He said "George should pour himself a good cup of coffee each morning." He also added that he'd better get "some sleep stored away before the babies are born".
Asked which celebrity he would like to see go ‘Gangnam Style,’ the singer PSY told the journalists : Leonardo DiCaprio. Since then, the 49-year-old actor is said to have been secretly practising Gangnam Style dance. For weeks.

UPDATE 28/12/2023 : This story seems to be false. (read more)

Leonardo DiCaprio on PSY’s most wanted list

American news reported earlier this year that PSY (the South Korean rapper behind YouTube’s most-viewed video) chuckled at the thought of Leonardo DiCaprio hopping around the dance floor, doing his famous horse-riding, ‘Gangnam Style’ dance.

A call that did not fall on deaf ears...

Actor to practice ‘Gangnam Style’ dance steps several hours a day

An insider recently admitted that the actor best known for his roles in The Revenant, The Wolf of Wall Street or Titanic has been secretly practising Gangnam Style for the past couple of weeks. “Leonardo DiCaprio spent hours working on his dance moves out on the balcony every night, riding an imaginary horse. I have never seen him so dedicated about something before,” said a source close to the actor.

Petition's goal: ‘Get Leonardo DiCaprio to dance live on TV’

Some fans recently launched an online petition to see Leonardo DiCaprio performing ‘Gangnam Style’ live on American national television.

We can't wait to see it.

© 2023 MediaMass All rights reserved. Do not reproduce (even with permission).

Celebrity Central
"Of course I didn’t trust them," she shares about her decision to keep that side of her life private.

If you thought 2018 might be the year that Caitlyn Jenner mends fences with Kris Jenner and the Kardashian siblings, then think again. Caitlyn sat down with Piers Morgan this week on Life Stories where she very candidly discussed why she kept her ex-wife and stepchildren out of the loop when it came time for to have her gender reassignment surgery.

The former Olympian was quite candid about her reasoning, sharing with the talk show host: “No, I didn’t tell anybody. It’s none of their business. No, it’s not that big a deal.”

Later, Piers asked Caitlyn if she didn't trust her family to keep her secret. Her response? “Of course not, of course I didn’t trust them.”

Caitlyn later continued, “I’d already been living as Caitlyn for a year and a half, nobody knows anything. I didn’t want them to leak it to the press and there was no reason for them to know about it.”

Related

Caitlyn was more open about her life in her 2017 memoir, The Secrets of My Life, which caused a rift between the former Olympian and Kris' ex and kids. In fact, back in November, Caitlyn revealed that things remained strained, so much so that she shared it had been about a year since she spoke to Kim Kardashian. In her interview with Piers Morgan, she shared why she spilled all in her book, but kept her family in the dark: “I had to because I had to be honest. The book is about honesty.”

Caitlyn, however, does appear to remain close to her kids that she had with Kris. She was spotted with Kendall Jenner just this week and has remained quiet about rumors that Kylie Jenner is pregnant.
Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell are known as the happiest unmarried couple in Hollywood. But on Friday, photographers saw the aftermath of what looked like a nasty argument between the two, who have been together since 1983 but never walked down the aisle. Look at RadarOnline.com 's gallery of Hawn and Russell's surprising dustup.

Hawn, 71, left her Malibu house looking angry after an apparent disagreement with Russell, 65. The usually bubbly former Laugh-In star was clearly in no laughing mood as she scowled while walking to her white Range Rover.

Looking disheveled as she wore a sloppy sweater and no makeup, Hawn reached up to slam her car's trunk in disgust after the incident.

On Britain's ITV chat show, Loose Women, Hawn said she and Russell "would have been long divorced" if they had wed.

Hawn has said she and the rugged Escape from New York star "liked the choice" of not marrying each other. However they did have a son, Wyatt , together.

The star who had a big hit with Private Benjamin doesn't look camera ready as, in her obvious anger, she forgot to close her car door. Hawn was driving through Malibu when she realized her mistake and pulled over to slam the passenger side shut.

Shortly after Hawn left, Russell emerged from the house and stared at a traffic cone wedged under his GMC truck. He drove away with the cone still stuck under the vehicle.

Hawn and Russell are going into their golden years together and both look great for their age. The giggly gal is never afraid of showing off her body at Hollywood events or on vacation, as RadarOnline.com's photo have shown.

While they've stood the test of time, Hawn has admitted that celebrities may have "a harder time" with relationships because "the cameras are on them all the time." Indeed!

We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
Celebrity

The 'I Am Cait' star is reportedly living in a Hidden Hills home, up the street from her ex-wife's residence.

Jan 16, 2017

AceShowbiz - Caitlyn Jenner and her ex-wife Kris Jenner have reportedly become neighbors. The "I Am Cait" star is living in a Hidden Hills home, up the street from the Kardashian momager's residence, according to a source.

"Caitlyn doesn't really live in Malibu. She lives in Hidden Hills, up the street from Kris Jenner," the source tells OK!. According to the source, Caitlyn is not living the "solitary life" she presents for the cameras and the retired Olympic gold medal-winning decathlete is now managed by Kris.

"Kris brokers every deal for Cait, her show, book, sponsorships. She even decorated her house. It's just hush-hush to keep the drama brewing," adds the source.

While a representative for Caitlyn hasn't responded to a request for comment, another source close to the 67-year-old reality star tells Gossip Cop that the latest OK! story is "not true." She currently lives in Malibu, and has done ever since her split from Kris in 2013.

You can share this post!
Image Credit: Courtesy of Hilton & Hyland

Angelina Jolie, 41, has a new home in Los Angeles…and it’s stunning. It’s been rumored for weeks that the 41-year-old had plans to purchase Cecil B. DeMille’s historic mansion, and now, she’s bit the bullet, putting down a $25 million offer, according to TMZ. The amount was reportedly accepted by the owner and is currently in escrow.

Cecil’s home, which he lived in until his death in 1959, is considered one of the greatest properties in L.A., and Angie will have some famous neighbors, including Casey Affleck, Natalie Portman and Ellen Pompeo. There’s tons of space for the six kids, too — the house boasts 6 bedrooms and 10 bathrooms, plus a spacious backyard.

This huge purchase comes following rumors that Angie planned on moving her kids to London so she could work there after her September 2016 split from Brad Pitt, 53. The possibility of that big move happening seemed even more likely after reports surfaced on April 12 that Angie had met and fallen in love with a British philanthropist and businessman, whose identity has not been revealed.

Angelina Jolie’s Hidden Hills Mansion — PICS

The actress is reportedly already serious with this mystery man, and a family friend told InTouch that she’s even planning on marrying him! However, we also know that Brad and Angie’s divorce has been much more amicable recently, and she’s been letting him spend more and more time with the kids. Perhaps staying in Los Angeles is her way of making sure Pax, Maddox, Zahara, Shiloh, Vivienne and Knox continue to have a relationship with their father? Either way, the house is insane — check it out in the gallery above.

HollywoodLifers, what do you think of Angelina’s new house? Do you think she’s prepping for a wedding?
Don’t worry Jelena fans, they’re not on a break!

Despite rumors of a split or the couple taking a break, a source tells ET that Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber are "still together."

While they often spend time apart, the source explains that distance between them is generally for "various reasons," saying, "It's not because they are broken up or taking a break."

In fact, both Gomez and Bieber were seen leaving church together in Los Angeles on Wednesday night, albeit in separate vehicles.

Pap Nation/Splash News

Pap Nation/Splash News

Though they do not seem to be calling it quits, the source admits, "that doesn't mean things are perfect between them. They have issues just like any other couple."

The pair started dating in 2010 and had been on and off until 2015. They reconnected late last year and have kept their relationship very private, as Selena continues to put her health issues and personal needs first. The 25-year-old "Wolves" singer suffers from lupus and underwent a kidney transplant last year.

"She's still working hard, looking after her health, and doing what's good for her," the source notes. "Justin isn't walking all over her."

ET previously reported that Gomez’s friends and family, particularly her mother, Mandy Teefey, struggled with the couple’s reunion, given the pair’s ups and downs in the past. According to the source, that conflict continues to play a part in her relationship with Bieber.

"It's not easy for Selena to be stuck in the middle,” the source says. "Her family not liking him is the biggest issue -- but if they can get through that or if her family changes their tune, things will be a lot smoother."

Despite the drama, the singer publicly acknowledged her rekindled romance with Bieber for the first time last week on his 24th birthday. "March 1, 1994 someone I know that happens to be super cool was born. Boom," Gomez wrote alongside a picture of her laughing with a Polaroid of Bieber on her forehead.

See more on the pair’s reconciliation in the video below.

RELATED CONTENT:
Did Demi Lovato‘s overdose really make Wilmer Valderrama, 38, realize that he wants to marry her? — The answer is NO, despite a report which has claimed otherwise. “Marriage with Demi at one point in Wilmer’s life was something that was talked about while they were dating,” a source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. “There were many occasions where he almost popped the question.” However, that was then and this is now. “Wilmer has been broken up with Demi for a while, and even though she is going through a tough time, it’s not giving him thoughts on getting back together with her or to marry her,” the insider says.

There is absolutely no bad blood, the source reveals, noting that Wilmer paid Demi multiple visits in the hospital during her recovery. Ultimately, he just wants the best for his ex, especially in terms of her health. “Wilmer wants Demi to be healthy,” the insider says, explaining, “He wants his friend to live a successful and healthy life.” — “A relationship further than that is not something Wilmer is interested in pursuing right now. Its just not the time to think about anything like that. The matter of Demi getting better and on the right path is everything that is on Wilmer’s mind. Not romance.”

Demi was allegedly found unconscious after a drug overdose inside her Hollywood Hills home after a night of heavy partying with friends on Tuesday, July 24. A friend inside her home called 911, pleading with the dispatcher that they needed to get help as soon as possible. Demi reportedly received Narcan, a lifesaving drug, which counteracts opioids.However, it’s unclear which drug(s) she took. After being admitted to the hospital, Demi’s rep confirmed to HollywoodLife that she was “awake and with her family.” The rep also confirmed that some of the information being reported is “incorrect.” It was originally reported that Demi allegedly overdosed on heroin, however, the report was retracted.

Demi has since agreed to enter rehab, which is where she will travel to when she is released from Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in LA. The singer later released a statement on Instagram on August 6, which read in part: “I want to thank God for keeping me alive and well. To my fans, I am forever grateful for all of your love and support throughout this past week and beyond. Your positive thoughts and prayers have helped me navigate through this difficult time.” Just one month before her overdose, Demi released a new song titled “Sober,” in which she admitted she was no longer sober from drugs and alcohol after six years.

Demi was on tour amidst her overdose. The singer has since canceled the rest of her “Tell Me You Love Me Tour,” to seek treatment.
